https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=0.0s	0.0	 All right, what? Oh, I'm doing this again. All right, listen, it's a two parter. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=5.0s	5.0	 read you listen to the first part. Now this is the second part, Episode 76.5. If you will,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=10.5s	10.5	 this is our first ever two parter part two of our two parter. You already listened to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=15.0s	15.0	 part one of Episode 76. That's Elon and Twitter, lots of details there. And now we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=20.9s	20.9	 to cover some more topics, including the global food crisis, China's plan to stockpile a bunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=25.8s	25.8	 of food geopolitics all around the horn, French election, Germany, etc. And then we'll go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=31.6s	31.6	 into details about a little bit of the drama and details, pageanty parties, poker, all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=37.5s	37.5	 the good stuff of the all in summit coming soon. Okay, enjoy the show. I'll see you on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=43.5s	43.5	 Monday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=55.8s	55.8	 There's still a war raging, but I wanted to get an update from Friedberg on the food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=67.2s	67.2	 crisis, which he predicted very early for a lot of further fertilizer prices are still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=74.9s	74.9	 climbing like crazy. There's been some food riding in China, which I think is a separate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=79.5s	79.5	 issue, he'll educate us in a minute Sri Lanka. So what is your theory of what we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=85.7s	85.7	 to do from here Friedberg because I think we're all waiting for this shoe to drop and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=90.8s	90.8	 I think you predicted this is something that we would experience into the fall and into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=94.4s	94.4	 next year. So when are we going to actually see these food riots occurring? And then as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=99.1s	99.1	 China's food rights have anything to do with this? Or does that have to do with a yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=102.5s	102.5	 I think I would put the Chinese food riots as kind of a separate localized supply chain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=106.6s	106.6	 problem related to the lockdowns. But we're definitely you know, I think I mentioned last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=112.5s	112.5	 week the USDA planting report showing in the US how acreage is being reduced on corn. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=118.9s	118.9	 we're seeing this around the world where acres are coming out of production or less fertilizers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=123.0s	123.0	 being used, which means less foods being made. So everything that we predicted, I mean, this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=126.4s	126.4	 is a slow train, a Titanic into the iceberg that we're watching right now. And it's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=131.1s	131.1	 to continue for nine to 18 months. So you know, one of the questions that people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=136.8s	136.8	 now asking, which I said, you know, would become a really critical next step in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=140.8s	140.8	 crisis, is how are we going to bridge the gap in calories? Where's the food going to come from?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=146.3s	146.3	 And how are we going to feed nations that are almost entirely dependent on imports that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=150.5s	150.5	 running out of food or out of food? So I've mentioned this in the past, the whole world runs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=154.5s	154.5	 on a 90 day food supply, which means roughly 25% of the world's calories are in storage right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=160.3s	160.3	 But that's not the case uniformly. So some countries like Tunisia and Somalia, Ethiopia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=167.7s	167.7	 have close to zero calories in storage. Some countries, like the United States are roughly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=175.1s	175.1	 you know, 30, 40% of our, you know, annual consumed calories are sitting in storage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=179.9s	179.9	 China is a complete outlier. For years, China has been stockpiling food. And at this point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=186.6s	186.6	 China has 150% of their annual consumption of food in storage. So they have supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=194.1s	194.1	 that if all food production and import stopped in China, they would be able to feed their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=198.9s	198.9	 population for one and a half years. That's an incredible supply of food. So as you look around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=203.7s	203.7	 the world to places like Sri Lanka and places like Somalia that are struggling to figure out how are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=208.4s	208.4	 we going to bridge this gap on calories that's about to hit us Egypt's about four months of food,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=212.7s	212.7	 by the way, and Egypt is dwindling, they cannot get the food out of the Black Sea. So China is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=220.3s	220.3	 going to be one of the very few potential solutions for bridging the calorie gap over the next year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=226.8s	226.8	 And I have a strong prediction and a strong belief that because of that, China will use it to maximum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=232.8s	232.8	 leverage and we will see over the next year, an incredible amount of leverage and power being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=239.5s	239.5	 accumulated by China, because of transactions that they're going to start to enter into to bridge the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=244.9s	244.9	 calorie gap around the world. So in the Horn of Africa, for example, there has been this continuous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=250.5s	250.5	 presence of China trying to give themselves a military base trying to take some influence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=256.4s	256.4	 over local media. And there's been this kind of push and pull with, you know, certain populations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=262.2s	262.2	 around whether or not we should kind of embrace China locally. And I think that, for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=268.0s	268.0	 the food crisis that we're seeing emerge in Ethiopia, Somalia, Eritrea, Djibouti,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=272.4s	272.4	 is going to be resolved by China. And China is going to end up gaining influence, gaining military
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=278.1s	278.1	 presence, and establishing a more permanent foothold in the Horn of Africa, because of the position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=284.3s	284.3	 that they're in of strength with all these calories and the need in these regions. That's not just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=289.7s	289.7	 there. Sri Lanka, other parts of Southeast Asia, even Western Africa, Northern Africa, China is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=297.3s	297.3	 to show up. And they're the only country that can show up. The UN, the World Food Program,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=301.8s	301.8	 they're going to do everything they can to shuffle calories around, change food supplies. But I do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=306.3s	306.3	 think that one of the things that everyone's going to be watching, and it's a slow roll,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=310.5s	310.5	 this isn't going to be some one big deal and everyone wakes up. Over the next year, while the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=315.2s	315.2	 US is, you know, trying to do everything we can to maximally impose sanctions on Russia, China is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=320.8s	320.8	 slowly turning the crank around the world on the influence that they are going to gain because of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=325.5s	325.5	 this food crisis and the absolute, you know, surplus that they have locally and the ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=331.6s	331.6	 to export that surplus to support needs around the world. And it's not going to be free. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=335.5s	335.5	 not going to be cheap. So I thought it was worth highlighting what we're seeing. And I shared a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=339.6s	339.6	 couple of articles with you guys and with Nick, articles that no one is paying attention to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=344.4s	344.4	 And this isn't some conspiratorial, oh my God, there's some dangerous thing happening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=348.5s	348.5	 I'm just pointing out one of the things that's happening as we talk about, you know, the great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=352.3s	352.3	 change in power, the shift in power globally that's happening. It is happening in a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=357.4s	357.4	 significant way this year, given the surplus that China has, the dearth that many countries have,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=363.0s	363.0	 and the inability for the US to really adequately respond to the food crisis that's emerging.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=368.8s	368.8	 And so I thought it was worth bringing to everyone's attention. There's a lot of little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=372.4s	372.4	 articles that support this point. I shared them with you guys. You guys can put them in the show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=376.2s	376.2	 notes and put them up on YouTube and whatever. But I think this is going to become a macro trend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=381.1s	381.1	 that we're going to wake up to in six to nine months and be like, whoa, what the heck happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=386.0s	386.0	 How did China get so much leverage around the world? And it's starting now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=389.6s	389.6	 Saksana.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=390.9s	390.9	 That's what happens with every war. We go in hot, we rah rah, we're all gung ho. And then at some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=398.8s	398.8	 point in time, we're like, wait a second, why do we do that? And look, there's no shortage of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=407.0s	407.0	 neocons and liberal interventionists who are all saying this war is wonderful for us because it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=411.9s	411.9	 reunited the American alliance and the Western alliance and that this war is a good thing for us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=417.5s	417.5	 Let's keep it going. Let's bleed Russia. Let's topple Putin. Let's de-stabilize the regime.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=423.4s	423.4	 They're in favor of a protracted conflict that I've been, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=427.1s	427.1	 warning against. And what Freeberg is saying is the longer this conflict goes on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=431.4s	431.4	 the more of these disastrous scenarios are going to materialize.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=435.0s	435.0	 What is your take on how crippled Putin is right now, David, just objectively? And again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=442.8s	442.8	 you're not a fan of Putin. You're responsible for the war. You've been clear about that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=446.4s	446.4	 I don't have any-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=447.0s	447.0	 But he just lost the ship. I mean, this does not look good for him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=451.9s	451.9	 It feels like he can't and he's losing all his tanks. I mean, this seems like a-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=455.2s	455.2	 I don't know anything you don't know in terms of, you know, I'm just a consumer of information,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=460.1s	460.1	 but I tend to think that we are overly optimistic in the West. And look, the war's clearly gone very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=466.1s	466.1	 bad for Putin. But this idea that everything that magically we're going to get regime change in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=471.0s	471.0	 Moscow, we're going to get Gorbachev 2.0, that that is an objective worth protracting this war for,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=479.3s	479.3	 I tend to think it's going to be a mistake. I mean, that's- Now, it doesn't mean I support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=484.8s	484.8	 Russia's invasion. I've said it's illegal. It's a crime. It's a violation of international law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=490.9s	490.9	 It's a humanitarian disaster. But what I've supported is a negotiated peace, a settlement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=497.1s	497.1	 that we try to get as quickly as possible. That is clearly not the administration's position on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=500.5s	500.5	 this. They want to keep this thing going. And, you know, this idea that a long war is good for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=506.2s	506.2	 America's alliances, I would disagree with that because you're already seeing all over the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=511.1s	511.1	 now, people are starting to object to American policy. You saw it with India. And India is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=516.2s	516.2	 world's largest democracy. They should be on our side. They definitely should not be on China's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=520.2s	520.2	 side because they have a huge late intention. But China and India are both de facto on Russia's side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=529.3s	529.3	 on this. Africa and large parts of Latin America- Well, India would like to have oil.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=535.5s	535.5	 And they would like to have a good deal on oil. They would like to maintain their relationship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=538.6s	538.6	 with Russia. And they did not support the denunciation of Russia. They would like to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=542.7s	542.7	 see this conflict end. Large parts of Africa would like to see it end. Latin America. Basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=547.7s	547.7	 all the victims, if there's a famine in the world in six months, like Friedberg is saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=552.4s	552.4	 they are all very worried about this. All of them have expressed concern with the American policy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=558.1s	558.1	 which seems to be to protect this war. Okay. And, Friedberg, you have to go do your talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=561.5s	561.5	 at Berkeley. Congratulations, and we'll see you next time. Thanks for the contribution.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=565.4s	565.4	 And, Srimath, any thoughts on the CPI? We set a record that seemed to have gotten lost in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=572.6s	572.6	 haze of Twitter. I learned something really interesting that I just wanted to share with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=576.7s	576.7	 you guys. So there was a big CPI print, obviously, but there was a report, probably not many people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=584.1s	584.1	 read it. But it was about home equity. And the takeaway was that since 2020, Americans have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=592.8s	592.8	 taken 430, I think the exact number is 427, $427 billion of home equity out of their homes and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=601.7s	601.7	 effectively spent it. So what it started to make me think about was if you look at all of that home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=608.9s	608.9	 equity, plus the stimmy checks, plus the unemployment insurance checks, that starts to explain, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=615.8s	615.8	 why the labor markets are so tight and why people haven't gone back to work. There is no motivation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=620.2s	620.2	 because there's just so much money sloshing around for them to basically not have to be forced to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=625.3s	625.3	 any of this stuff that they don't want to anymore. And I think the thing to keep in mind is that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=631.2s	631.2	 also what's gone into the stock market. It's also what's driven up the price of used cars,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=635.7s	635.7	 new cars, all of this stuff. I just think that starts to paint a picture of CPI that's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=643.4s	643.4	 important, which is that it's probably a little bit more transitory than we may actually think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=650.4s	650.4	 Because when you exhaust all of that extra money that's in the past, there's not as much inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=657.7s	657.7	 to be had. And I think most people are now forecasting that inflation is really going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=662.2s	662.2	 taper off. And the big warning sign that everybody is sort of marching towards is too many excessive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=670.0s	670.0	 rate hikes between now and the end of the year could actually push us into a real recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=674.5s	674.5	 And we were talking about that before, but the probability is now sort of like one in three.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=679.7s	679.7	 Whereas before, I think David and I sounded a little bit crazy when we were talking about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=684.5s	684.5	 So I just wanted to put that out there as something I learned this week that I thought was really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=687.7s	687.7	 important. The labor participation rate peaked at 67, 68%. But half a trillion dollars of home equity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=695.7s	695.7	 I mean, half a trillion dollars of actual spending in the economy, that's a ton of money to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=700.4s	700.4	 absorbed. Right. If people have a couple of hundred grand in their bank account who own homes or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=704.6s	704.6	 whatever, there's no need to go back to a job. And if you don't feel safe, because you maybe still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=708.6s	708.6	 have some COVID fears, you don't want to commute, or you just out of the rhythm for two years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=712.8s	712.8	 And you're like, I'm kind of enjoying skiing, whatever you're doing, whatever your jam is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=716.4s	716.4	 maybe there's no, there's no rush to get back. You'll wait until you, you'll wait until you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=721.6s	721.6	 exhaust all of that money. And then we're not, as we talked about, we're not letting people into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=727.6s	727.6	 the country at the same time. So you still have 10 million job openings. If that flips, that would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=733.7s	733.7	 be economic activity that would be helpful in fighting against a recession, correct?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=742.2s	742.2	 I mean, I think that we're probably going to have a quarter or two contraction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=748.3s	748.3	 It's probably going to happen at the late end of this year, beginning of next year. Just the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=752.5s	752.5	 real question is how high are rates between now and then? And again, I think the setup isn't very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=758.9s	758.9	 good, which is that the investors in the stock market are playing chicken with the Fed. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=766.0s	766.0	 they're just at the beginning of a rate cycle, and they haven't been able to impact any real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=770.5s	770.5	 forms of liquidity in the equity market. And so I think they're going to attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=777.3s	777.3	 that and the only blunt force instrument they have is rates. And so, you know, you could see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=781.7s	781.7	 rates at three, three and a half percent, and that's going to impact a lot of stuff. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=786.5s	786.5	 problem is that, you know, it's going to be after the economy has slowed down, because it's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=792.0s	792.0	 to be after a lot of these, you know, fake savings, if you will, have been depleted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=797.9s	797.9	 Yeah, well, we're seeing some pressure come off as well. The car shortage is kind of ending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=801.6s	801.6	 and wages have raised. So it seems like they're in this, you know, confluence of events, certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=809.1s	809.1	 things are starting to work themselves out. Are you bullish?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=811.6s	811.6	 Hey, can I tell you something else? I was in Washington this week. The number of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=816.9s	816.9	 that listen to our pod, it is incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=821.7s	821.7	 It's interesting, yeah. How many people in Washington care about our views on politics?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=826.1s	826.1	 It's incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=826.8s	826.8	 Because I've heard that feedback too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=828.9s	828.9	 It's really, really, really special. We've stumbled into something pretty cool. And the fact that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=835.7s	835.7	 it's must listening. It's must listen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=837.5s	837.5	 That's like a Sunday weekly show. You just get a different perspective from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=841.2s	841.2	 the tech sector and capital allocators that maybe you don't get on us, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=844.6s	844.6	 meet the press or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=846.5s	846.5	 But just to follow up on that inflation point, the economic point, Jason, if I can.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=850.3s	850.3	 Yeah, please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=852.8s	852.8	 So look, the main reason inflation is going to go down in the second half of this year is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=856.8s	856.8	 inflation is measured on a year over year basis. And you remember about a year ago is when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=861.4s	861.4	 inflation started. But around this time last year, inflation was only two and a half percent. Then it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=865.6s	865.6	 reached five percent by the summer. Then by the end of the year, it was almost eight percent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=869.4s	869.4	 So as we sort of lap last year's inflation rate, we come up against, you know, you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=874.9s	874.9	 copying against a seven point eight percent number last year. So I don't think inflation is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=880.8s	880.8	 to get any better. We're probably looking at roughly a 12 percent, you know, official
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=885.8s	885.8	 two year inflation number. So in other words, since Biden took over as president,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=890.1s	890.1	 you're looking at probably 12 to 13 percent of total inflation as measured by CPI.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=895.3s	895.3	 And that is why even though the headline number will come down later this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=899.4s	899.4	 I don't think the American people are going to feel any better about the situation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=902.7s	902.7	 You can almost predict that Jen Psaki or whoever replaces her at the podium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=907.0s	907.0	 at the White House briefing room, they're going to be touting these lower inflation numbers at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=911.0s	911.0	 end of the year. But it doesn't mean price levels will decrease. Prices will still be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=915.3s	915.3	 very high. When people go to the grocery store, they buy meat or bread or what have you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=920.5s	920.5	 It's going to be very expensive. And I don't think people are going to be feeling better off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=925.0s	925.0	 And there's going to be a lot of negativity going into the November election for this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=929.5s	929.5	 administration. And also, I think it's going to impact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=931.4s	931.4	 consumption. I mean, if you're going to a gas station and you I mean, I drove the minivan to L.A.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=938.5s	938.5	 And it's the only electric it's only non-electric car we have. We happened to drive it because we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=942.5s	942.5	 had a number of people that was bigger than the X. And it was like shocking to buy seven dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=948.1s	948.1	 gasoline. And obviously, I can withstand, you know, filling up. But I could see people saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=953.7s	953.7	 you know what, maybe I'm not going to make that incremental trip or, you know, you start looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=959.0s	959.0	 at some of the prices, you know, for taking a trip or flights. I don't know if you've looked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=963.7s	963.7	 at flights or hotels, like things are starting to creep up that it's like super noticeable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=968.5s	968.5	 And that's got to affect consumption. And then that would be what would be part of those negative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=973.8s	973.8	 two quarters. Right, Chamath? I mean, the role of people stopping consuming and just saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=978.8s	978.8	 you know what, it's too expensive right now. Just stay at home and watch Netflix. Fuck it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=983.7s	983.7	 You know, I'll cook pasta tonight. You see that happening already.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=987.3s	987.3	 Yeah, people are starting to balance the balance sheet, just looking at the balance sheet and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=990.3s	990.3	 saying, you know what, what's a way I can cut some expensive items off the, you know, ride a bike.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=996.0s	996.0	 They're going to take less travel because, you know, the cost of airline tickets have gone up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=999.3s	999.3	 because the cost of the jet fuel has gone up at all. It all ripples through the economy. But I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1004.5s	1004.5	 think the thing is that when when the Fed gets involved, though, they get involved in a brute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1010.9s	1010.9	 force way. Let me make a prediction right now. If we're we're definitely headed into an economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1015.0s	1015.0	 slowdown. I don't know if it will meet the technical definition of recession, but very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1018.5s	1018.5	 high negative quarters of growth. Yes, exactly. So, you know, very high chance, I think, of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1022.8s	1022.8	 recession, like Chamath said, towards the end of the year, if this war is still going on and we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1027.5s	1027.5	 get in a recession, look out below. I think this president will be in Jimmy Carter territory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1031.9s	1031.9	 He began the year at 38%. That was in reasonably good conditions of peacetime. If you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1037.8s	1037.8	 and I tweeted at the beginning of the year in January, I said that, you know, this is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1042.1s	1042.1	 you know, you're at 38%. That's with peace and prosperity. We'll look out below if we get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1046.7s	1046.7	 recession or war. That's what it's looking like right now. So, you know, I think this is things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1052.4s	1052.4	 are looking pretty, pretty dire, which is why I keep saying that, you know, the policy this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1056.5s	1056.5	 administration should be to try and find a settlement to the situation in Ukraine to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1061.5s	1061.5	 war. I know that we didn't start it. Putin started it. Let's be clear. But if there's an off ramp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1066.9s	1066.9	 here, we should be seizing it because we got real problems back home in America and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1072.5s	1072.5	 administration should be focused on our economy and our problems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1075.5s	1075.5	 Soterios Johnson Europe is going to be the canary in the coal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1078.1s	1078.1	 mine on all of this because I think they feel this pretty severely. And I think there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1083.8s	1083.8	 a lot of exhaustion amongst European governments and leaders when you start to listen to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1087.7s	1087.7	 rhetoric to kind of, you know, find a way to end what's going on over there because they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1096.5s	1096.5	 to see a pretty meaningful recession, I think. Yeah, absolutely. Much more so than we will.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1102.3s	1102.3	 Yeah. And if you look, if you look right now, what's happening in France, Marine Le Pen is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1105.7s	1105.7	 surging. Unbelievable. Against Macron. I don't know if she's going to pull off the upset,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1110.0s	1110.0	 but one of the major pillars, well, actually, here's what she's running on. She is saying that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1114.5s	1114.5	 she has been focused on inflation and cost of living. And she says Macron has been distracted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1120.4s	1120.4	 by being America's basically lapdog puppet, whatever, on Ukraine. So she's saying we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1125.9s	1125.9	 to focus on the French economy. And she's also saying that we as France should set our own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1131.7s	1131.7	 foreign policy and not be so differential to the US. She says that this protracted war in Ukraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1136.9s	1136.9	 and all this hot rhetoric coming out of the Biden administration about war crimes and destabilizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1141.7s	1141.7	 Putin and toppling him and putting him on trial at the Hague, that is not in French interests.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1146.0s	1146.0	 That's what the Americans want to do, but it's not what we should be wanting to do. We need to end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1150.1s	1150.1	 this war. And I'm not ready to say she's going to pull off the upset yet, but she is clearly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1154.7s	1154.7	 articulating that message because she is finding purchase with the French electorate based on that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1160.1s	1160.1	 message. And you're going to hear that if this war continues for three months and six months,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1164.2s	1164.2	 and Europe goes into recession, you're going to start hearing politicians all over the European
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1168.9s	1168.9	 continent saying the same thing and questioning American leadership. And why are they are dragging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1173.4s	1173.4	 this thing out? The thing that's the scariest thing about the French election, and I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1179.3s	1179.3	 sure how many Americans paid attention to it, but just to maybe summarize in a very quick nutshell,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1184.5s	1184.5	 you actually had this really interesting dynamic of three candidates. One was what would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1192.1s	1192.1	 considered far left Jean-Luc Mélenchon, one far right Marine Le Pen, and then one that was very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1198.5s	1198.5	 centrist Emmanuel Macron. And what's crazy is both of these two were 22 plus percent of all of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1208.0s	1208.0	 votes. It was just that Le Pen and Macron were one and two. And so they go into a runoff election.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1215.0s	1215.0	 And Mélenchon was very clear. He was like, under no circumstance should any of my supporters vote for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1221.0s	1221.0	 Le Pen. But it just shows you what's happening, which is like France, which is coming undone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1231.1s	1231.1	 under this populist fight, is probably a canary in the coal mine for how this stuff could play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1237.9s	1237.9	 out in other places. And it's kind of scary. It'd be interesting to see what happens in Germany as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1242.0s	1242.0	 well, as they look at this enabling of... They were able to hold the line. They still have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1247.4s	1247.4	 a center-right government. But in Austria for a while, that wasn't the case. In Hungary,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1252.6s	1252.6	 it's not really the case. So there's a lot of countries, at least in the Eastern block of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1257.9s	1257.9	 Europe, where you've seen a tip in one direction or the other. It's not unreasonable to think of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1263.7s	1263.7	 that in France, a tip in one direction or the other. Fortunately, in the UK, or unfortunately,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1268.4s	1268.4	 however you look at it, it's still really a two-party system for the most part, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1274.4s	1274.4	 So I don't know. We're in a really precarious moment in world history, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1281.8s	1281.8	 By the way, I want to talk about one thing that I talked... At the end of last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1284.2s	1284.2	 I talked about just a very random thing about Visa and MasterCard and how you could short them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1291.9s	1291.9	 or basically the payment networks were going to start to get dismantled this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1298.9s	1298.9	 It's really interesting to see. I don't know if you guys have been really paying attention to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1301.8s	1301.8	 all the activity that's been happening in payments over the last, literally, 90 days,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1307.9s	1307.9	 I think, has been really incredible. Up until just today, Visa and MasterCard, I think, are doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1313.6s	1313.6	 the single dumbest thing they could do by being a duopoly, which is raising prices,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1318.2s	1318.2	 especially into an inflationary moment, which just lacks complete knowledge and sensitivity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1324.5s	1324.5	 of the moment. So dampen economic activity. But also creates the incentives for disruption.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1331.2s	1331.2	 Because then the gap between you and your next killer's competitor becomes more obvious. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1335.1s	1335.1	 again, in capitalism, you compete away these advantages. And I just think that the setup is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1340.4s	1340.4	 becoming more and more obvious for the shift in payments. I just think it's quite interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1344.3s	1344.3	 So Dick Durbin, actually, today, basically, is going to create a big hubbub in the Senate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1349.3s	1349.3	 around these increasing merchant fees, which will eventually spill over to consumers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1354.1s	1354.1	 There's some talk that... What is it called? Zelle? Is that how you pronounce it? Zelle?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1361.4s	1361.4	 The interbank payment system. People are talking about them converting that to becoming a more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1365.8s	1365.8	 substantive payment system. And then this week, I was able to see a little bit under the hood of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1371.3s	1371.3	 you know, Solana Pay. And that's really exciting. So it's all coming, I think, like, it's like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1379.1s	1379.1	 swarm of activity to dismantle these payments businesses. I just wanted to just give the 90
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1385.9s	1385.9	 day update from our from our discussion in January. All right, everybody, we will see you May 15, 16,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1391.0s	1391.0	 and 17 in Miami for the first all in summit now sold out. No more tickets available. There's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1396.4s	1396.4	 waitlist, but we're not going to be able to get to anybody on it. Sorry, you can sign up and we'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1400.3s	1400.3	 make sure you know about next year. If there is a next year, this might be a one and done kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1403.7s	1403.7	 situation. Three amazing parties. Sunday night is a poker tournament for charity. The top, it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1409.7s	1409.7	 going to be a sit and go format. If you win your sit and go, you go into a sit and go bake off and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1415.3s	1415.3	 then you get to sit at the final table with the four besties. The winners are going to get to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1419.3s	1419.3	 a donation to the charity of their choice paid for by the besties. And Sunday night's party will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1424.9s	1424.9	 be the good fellows party Monday is going to be the Havana white party, bring your linen sacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1428.7s	1428.7	 I know you got a whole closet full down there. And then Tuesday nights are Miami vice party. Here are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1435.1s	1435.1	 the mock ups of the deal. This is the first time I'm seeing a little reveal. There's a lot of work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1441.4s	1441.4	 the copy I didn't write. We're workshopping it. It's just we got a little what do they call that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1446.5s	1446.5	 like a mood board. It's a little bit of a mood board. Here's your wet your beaks party for Sunday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1451.7s	1451.7	 night. It's going to be a good fellas theme. Should be a lot of fun. It looks like good fellas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1456.7s	1456.7	 It looks like good fellas. We're going to keep working on it. What your beats probably not going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1460.3s	1460.3	 to be the name of your party, but that's Sunday night. And then next up is our Havana white party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1465.9s	1465.9	 Despite all the shit you take, you do such a good job with this shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1469.9s	1469.9	 I got to say. And then we're going to have this social club. I apologize, but I think this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1475.4s	1475.4	 complete dog shit. This one, the first one was supposed to be one of these two social club.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1479.0s	1479.0	 You're just a heathen. You never saw that. The first one is so good. This is horrendous. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1482.8s	1482.8	 I don't even know what is this picture of what it's, it's a, it's a theme on the Buena Vista
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1487.1s	1487.1	 social club. It's, it's not the right image, but we're workshopping it. Like I said, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1491.1s	1491.1	 that's going to be a Havana white party. Everybody's going to wear linens on Monday night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1494.3s	1494.3	 And it's going to be at a beautiful space name in that. Like I said, this is just a designer coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1499.7s	1499.7	 up with ideas. And then of course we're going to have our Miami vice. We're going to rent a couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1503.3s	1503.3	 of, um, Miami ventures. And so there we are. And so that should be our at 4 20 Bitcoin street,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1511.0s	1511.0	 your best 80s dress for Miami venture. So it's going to be three parties. That's hot. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1517.0s	1517.0	 it's going to be a three great parties. You have to, but everybody's going to have to get three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1521.4s	1521.4	 great outfits. So linens are easy Monday night. Jake, Jake, your, your thighs look really big in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1526.1s	1526.1	 this photo. Well, this is fat. J Cal, this is not 167 J Cal. This is one 98 J Cal on your left leg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1533.5s	1533.5	 You can't tell where your bottom part of the leg stops where you're sitting in a stool in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1538.8s	1538.8	 picture they got, but yeah, but it's like you have no knee. It's just like one big shank, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1543.7s	1543.7	 yeah, you know what? It's when you're fat and you got fat suits, you know, everything's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1548.7s	1548.7	 listen, I'm looking at pictures of myself. Why didn't you guys fat shame me more?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1552.0s	1552.0	 That's the question I have. You guys should have been just on the, you, you, you really look incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1557.1s	1557.1	 And then yesterday when I saw you, I was like, Holy shit, this guy looks really fantastic. Look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1561.2s	1561.2	 there's no knee there. It's just no knee. It's like, no, it's like big shank. You know what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1565.0s	1565.0	 When you're a fat guy, you get fat suits. You just try to, you know, and now I'm having to re-buy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1569.7s	1569.7	 look at that fat face. Zoom out. Oh my God. Zoom out. Zoom out. Looked terrible. Flat hair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1576.0s	1576.0	 Now looking nice. Oh, you look good. I like fabulous. Let's go with this one. Let's go with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1581.0s	1581.0	 this. You look great. Yeah. We're going to redo mine. I want all the photos done of then J Cal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1586.2s	1586.2	 for the inspiration. Don't know double chin. What are you doing? You work for me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1590.1s	1590.1	 We need, we need. Where's my neck? Now I got a neck again. I found my neck everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1596.1s	1596.1	 There you have it folks. So, uh, I'm sorry if you did not get into the all in summit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1599.6s	1599.6	 but we've got a great lineup of speakers and events planned. No press because well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1606.9s	1606.9	 we have the same distribution, but we will, the press will be able to see all the talks. So all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1611.3s	1611.3	 the talks will come out post event on the all in a feed. So for the 10 days after the all in feed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1616.1s	1616.1	 you're going to get a show every day. And who are confirmed speakers at this point?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1619.7s	1619.7	 Oh my Lord. So many good ones. Hold on. Let me pull it up here. Keith, for a boy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1624.7s	1624.7	 Palmer lucky is coming. Uh, good. So that's confirmed. That's awesome. Yeah. We got that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1628.9s	1628.9	 confirmed. He's a big fan of sexy poo. The new website's up by the way. And it looks beautiful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1633.7s	1633.7	 Wow. Look at this. So we have, uh, Ryan Peterson, uh, Nate silver, Brad Gerstner, uh, Claire, uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1640.9s	1640.9	 Vickle who is amazing. Uh, Mark Herschel, Palmer, lucky Keith, for a boy, Joe Lonfiel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1646.4s	1646.4	 You got Antonio to want to speak. Antonio is now coming out of a shell. Antonio, Marcia Martinez.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1654.1s	1654.1	 You should get, um, we should get some foreign policy folks too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1657.6s	1657.6	 I mean, well, if you guys wanted to do any fucking work, you could help me out here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1663.0s	1663.0	 I thought this was just a grift you were doing. I didn't know it was serious. Now I'm now I may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1666.8s	1666.8	 have to help. Yeah, no, you're going to be proud of this. Well, here's the thing that I'm going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1670.0s	1670.0	 be most proud of is the format. I have come up with a new concept of a format. I came up with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1675.0s	1675.0	 a theme question that people can choose to answer or not, but the problem I want to solve, and it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1680.5s	1680.5	 could be the problem I most want to solve. It could be the problem I want to see solved, the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1684.2s	1684.2	 I'm thinking about. People will go up in most cases and give a 10 to 20 minute call it a Ted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1689.6s	1689.6	 style talk, a solo dolo talk where they kind of talk about what they're working on in their lives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1694.5s	1694.5	 Then they come and sit in a chair with two besties on either side. And then the four of us engage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1700.5s	1700.5	 them in a conversation while we're talking, we're going to have maybe five slides that producers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1705.7s	1705.7	 will put together of data points, etc. So we all get educated, we pull up the slide. And then there'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1710.9s	1710.9	 be, you know, 600 people in the auditorium, 100 people in the simulcast room, we will take one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1716.2s	1716.2	 question from the audience or two questions if we have time with each segment. And so you're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1720.1s	1720.1	 to get a lot of bestie action, but stimulated by bestie, guestie positions. And I think this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1726.6s	1726.6	 really what folks want. Now, if somebody doesn't want to give one, let's say Palmer just wants to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1731.4s	1731.4	 talk, well, we'll just talk with Palmer. And so there's going to be an option, I told people you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1736.5s	1736.5	 could your position, paper, your position statement could be five minutes, it could be 20. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1741.7s	1741.7	 I want to do something on natural resource scarcity and national security. So Jim Lutinsky,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1748.2s	1748.2	 the CEO of MP materials. Okay, you just all you got to do is email me the person's email
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1752.6s	1752.6	 address or introduce me and we'll set it up. We'll do something on like the supply chain of like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1756.7s	1756.7	 rare earths and lithium nickel coal. And so and then here's my other idea. So I told everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1761.0s	1761.0	 that the problem I'd like to solve there is energy independence for America. Perfect. So then what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1766.4s	1766.4	 we're going to do is email you now. Just email me. But here's the thing we're doing. I told everybody,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1770.9s	1770.9	 I just told you the Yeah, we have Nick, we'll take a note. Yeah. To remind you to get the email
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1776.3s	1776.3	 address. Here's what's gonna happen. So you don't need me to email you? I mean, we don't want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1780.6s	1780.6	 guess the email if you have it and you know them. I mean, I know you want to do the least amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1783.7s	1783.7	 work. But I need to get a producer's fee here. I don't know you guys got to outvote freeburg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1788.3s	1788.3	 Putting that aside. I'm fine with that. I'm fine with that too. Thank you then three, because that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1793.3s	1793.3	 how all in media is working now. It's just going to be vote. Why don't you sign the LLC agreement?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1797.6s	1797.6	 Did anybody sign it yet? I was going to review it to see what poison pill freeburg put in there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1802.9s	1802.9	 I'm not signing this shit till I have two lawyers look it over freeburg's got a poison pill in there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1806.6s	1806.6	 I don't know about you guys, but I just signed any random DocuSign that I just assume you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1811.0s	1811.0	 I want to speak. You know, here we go. In the last 30 days. Yeah, so I'd like to get I'd like to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1817.5s	1817.5	 Professor John Mearsheimer to speak. He's a great Yeah, he's a professor at the University of Chicago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1822.7s	1822.7	 He's been there 40 years. He's the leading. He's a leading theorist, you could say of the school of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1829.1s	1829.1	 thought called realism in foreign policy. And he has a track record of being right about all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1837.6s	1837.6	 America's foreign policy. Oh, wait, just the guy you shared the video with, right? Yeah. So the guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1842.0s	1842.0	 who talked about the predictor, what do they call that the mono dual tri.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1848.1s	1848.1	 No, no, no nucleosis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1850.1s	1850.1	 multipolar, unipolar. When the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1852.5s	1852.5	 I mean, he has a critique. He has a critique of liberal interventionism, which has been the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1856.6s	1856.6	 dominant foreign policy since the end of the Cold War. It's what got us into Iraq, Afghanistan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1861.7s	1861.7	 Syria, Libya, he predicted all those things be fiascos. He also predicted that our policy of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1866.9s	1866.9	 constructive engagement towards China would ultimately backfire and be a disaster. And he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1871.6s	1871.6	 has a very contrarian critique right now, of our policy in Ukraine that's gone viral. Yes, on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1878.4s	1878.4	 Twitter, and it's gotten like 10 million plus views. He'd be an incredible person to come speak.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1885.0s	1885.0	 Well, here's what's happened while we invite people, you know, we invite some people, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1889.1s	1889.1	 don't know the show, we knew other people like, oh, my God, I love the show. I'm there. What's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1894.2s	1894.2	 gonna be interesting is the next 30 days, we're going to talk to each person about what they what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1898.1s	1898.1	 topic they really want to, you know, double click on. And then we're going to pair people. So you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1902.5s	1902.5	 might have Keith, Roboy, and Antonio, you know, you might have Tim urban and Joe Lonsdale, whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1908.3s	1908.3	 And so hopefully, we can find a little dynamic, maybe people don't agree, maybe they have, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1912.1s	1912.1	 know, opposite positions, and then we're going to then have this great Socratic dialogue with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1916.9s	1916.9	 everybody. And I think it's going to be a very fast paced type thing. And then hopefully, the speakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1922.9s	1922.9	 sit in the VIP area. And then I'm going to have a runner there with a microphone, or I might do it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1927.4s	1927.4	 myself. So you know, might have Keith Roboy on in the morning in the afternoon, he might want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1931.8s	1931.8	 chime in on Joe Lonsdale's talk, I run up to him with a microphone, etc. So we got probably we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1938.1s	1938.1	 going to do two hours in the morning, three hours in the afternoon. So it's 10 to 12. So you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1942.4s	1942.4	 sleep in or come for coffee. If we stay late playing poker every night, it's going to be a gentle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1947.1s	1947.1	 wake up. 12 to two is a nice lunch healthy, three to five, nice comp, I'm sorry, two to five, three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1953.8s	1953.8	 hours of nice content, then you get a little break, you go to the parties at the end of the parties,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1958.1s	1958.1	 you never know a poker table or two might be pulled out and we play a little cash game, who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1961.4s	1961.4	 knows anything's possible. So poker could be all three nights, I don't know, you know, depends on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1966.1s	1966.1	 the degeneracy level. But I think it's gonna be a fun time. I'm just asking nobody go ham on Sunday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1973.0s	1973.0	 or Monday night, please. Tuesday night, you want to have a little extracurricular, you want to go a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1978.1s	1978.1	 little late, Davy Chamath, that's fine. But I want everybody in bed by midnight, Sunday night, no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1987.7s	1987.7	 crazy. Alright, so what are the dates to sing in? Okay, it's Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Sunday,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=1995.8s	1995.8	 Monday, Monday, of what of what? May 15 1617. Okay. Oh my god. Oh my god, what a shit show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2004.9s	2004.9	 speakers out to the month. It is yes, that's why I'm busting my ass on this. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2010.3s	2010.3	 Jake, I'm gonna introduce you to Latinsky so we can slot in if anybody had we could use a couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2015.3s	2015.3	 more female speakers, people of color, I'm really trying to keep it diverse and have a lot of range
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2019.3s	2019.3	 of speakers. A lot of David Stan said yes early got the Joe Lansdale should get Keith Roe Boys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2024.5s	2024.5	 they all like want to support David's team, I could use a couple people maybe with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2028.8s	2028.8	 posing viewpoint. So we're trying to keep it a little wide. Barry Weiss may come we're trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2033.1s	2033.1	 to work on bar. That's good. Yeah, we should go. I can't make it I wanted to have Barry and Kara
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2037.4s	2037.4	 Swisher. It doesn't seem like that oil and vinegar is going to happen. Can we can we get Glenn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2042.1s	2042.1	 Greenwald? But right, right, right. You're getting you're getting further and further to the right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2046.4s	2046.4	 I would like to have somebody Matt Tybee, Matt Tybee. That's another kind of right guy. I would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2051.2s	2051.2	 like to have somebody on the left. Your definitions are all off, Jason. These definitions don't mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2054.6s	2054.6	 anything anymore. Okay, they're independent critical thinkers. They're there. They originally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2058.8s	2058.8	 came from the left. They're not like huge fans of unbiased capitalism, but they're more on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2063.2s	2063.2	 populist side. If you want to send an invite to anybody, Saks, I would appreciate it, particularly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2070.0s	2070.0	 Peter Thiel, who's the you're the one person who can deliver it since you guys are besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2075.1s	2075.1	 Bring us Peter Thiel. The guy spoke out of God damn. All right, give me a give me a list. I'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2080.1s	2080.1	 invite Glenn. I'll invite Ty B. I'll invite Peter. Oh, great. Now we just lost the audience.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2084.8s	2084.8	 Try and invite me or show. We have a protest outside. I actually these are the most interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2088.8s	2088.8	 people. Exactly. He was the most interesting for sure. I like Mike Ty B. Actually, I'll give you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2093.6s	2093.6	 that. Here's the problem. Here's the problem. Here's the problem with getting the people on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2098.3s	2098.3	 the other side is that the people on the other side, again, it's not right versus left anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2102.5s	2102.5	 It's sort of populist versus elitist. And you already know what all the elitists are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2106.2s	2106.2	 say. And they're too afraid to be on stage with people on the other side. But I mean, I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2110.9s	2110.9	 you're associated with Peter Thiel with is a little bit charged and triggering for certain people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2115.3s	2115.3	 That's yeah, exactly. That's why they don't they don't believe in free speech. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2119.5s	2119.5	 people are like, how could you be friends with David? I'm like, because we love each other,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2123.0s	2123.0	 we're friends, like, we're besties. And they're like, well, but you disagree with them. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2127.5s	2127.5	 contamination by association. Well, that's what they're trying to do. That's, I mean, David,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2131.4s	2131.4	 that's what they're trying to do to me right now. I'm getting the back channel. How could you do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2134.3s	2134.3	 this with David Sachs? And I'm like, because he's my best friend. That's why our pod is popular is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2138.9s	2138.9	 we have four people who are friends who sometimes disagree with each other. The reason you can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2143.2s	2143.2	 create the show and still anywhere else, I'm not giving up my friendship with David. The reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2148.0s	2148.0	 you can't create the show anywhere else is because those people think they get contaminated if they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2153.8s	2153.8	 even have a conversation with somebody on the other side of things. But you don't get that on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2158.8s	2158.8	 your side. Correct. Because we believe in free speech. Peter Thiel is not coming to you and saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2162.4s	2162.4	 because we're intellectually confident. We're intellectually confident. We don't believe in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2166.1s	2166.1	 shutting down the debate. Right. We believe in free speech. The other side, they're authoritarian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2172.5s	2172.5	 because they can't defend anything. They just cancel people. They've lost the art of persuasion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2178.8s	2178.8	 I think they've given up. Their position would be they've given up trying to reach you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2183.4s	2183.4	 You just don't get it. They've given up trying to reach you. And I'm like, don't give up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2187.2s	2187.2	 put up a fight. If you disagree with Sachs's position, it's not about reaching me. It's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2191.3s	2191.3	 about reaching me. It's about reaching all of them. Yes. All the people out there watching.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2194.9s	2194.9	 Engage the debate. They don't want to engage the debate because they can't win the debate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2198.5s	2198.5	 because they don't know how to persuade. I beat you every week in this debate. All they know how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2201.6s	2201.6	 to do is cancel. I slaughter you in this debate weekly. Look what I did to you in January 6th.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2204.0s	2204.0	 All they know how to do is cancel people. Yes. They're so used to canceling people. I debate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2208.1s	2208.1	 you every week, Sachs, and I own you half the time. Okay. Good. I think so. January 6th,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2214.3s	2214.3	 we're going to release the January 6th tapes. That's all you got. Oh, your little excursion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2217.7s	2217.7	 on January 6th. You're like MSNBC. That's all you got.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2248.4s	2248.4	 Oh, man. Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2252.9s	2252.9	 You should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just useless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2256.8s	2256.8	 It's like this like sexual tension that they just need to release.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWFXRewP_FI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=143&t=2260.9s	2260.9	 What? You're a bee. What? You're a bee. We need to get merch.
