https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=0.0s	0.0	 Hey, everybody. Hey, everybody. Welcome. Besties are back. Besties are back. It's another all in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=4.5s	4.5	 podcast dropping it to you unexpectedly because there's just so much news.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=10.6s	10.6	 It's too much.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=12.1s	12.1	 Surprise bestie pods.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=14.0s	14.0	 But dropping a bestie. It's not a code 13. We're not dropping any Snickers bars today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=20.6s	20.6	 Just dropping a bestie. Oh, no, he's got a megaphone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=23.9s	23.9	 Oh, no. He's got two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=28.6s	28.6	 Is this a special censorship edition warning?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=37.7s	37.7	 Warning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=43.4s	43.4	 We hit a new low in terms of people needing to be heard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=45.8s	45.8	 Oh, my God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=47.0s	47.0	 By the way, Tramont Sachs, his agent and his chief of staff called me. He felt like he only got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=52.4s	52.4	 62% of the minutes in the last two podcasts versus the rest of us. And so I'm dealing with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=59.2s	59.2	 his agent a little bit. It's like the debates where they count the number of minutes and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=63.7s	63.7	 interupt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=64.1s	64.1	 Daniel? Is Daniel grinding you for more minutes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=66.5s	66.5	 Daniel's grinding me for more minutes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=68.2s	68.2	 I go for quality over quantity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=69.8s	69.8	 You guys know that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=70.2s	70.2	 Absolutely. Okay. Well, this week's going to be, I mean, what a complete disaster of a week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=79.3s	79.3	 Is there no other way to explain what is happening right now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=82.6s	82.6	 Every day is a dumpster fire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=85.0s	85.0	 It's a huge dumpster fire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=89.4s	89.4	 So here we are. We're three weeks out from the election and somebody's emails have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=95.3s	95.3	 Democrat's emails have been leaked again, potentially. But last time we had an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=103.6s	103.6	 investigation by the FBI and then that might have impacted the election. This time we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=112.5s	112.5	 a whole different brouhaha. Apparently Hunter Biden, who loves to smoke crack and has a serious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=119.3s	119.3	 drug problem. This is, you know, he's a seriously obviously troubled individual,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=125.8s	125.8	 but he brought three laptops to get them fixed and never picked them up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=129.4s	129.4	 According to this story in the New York Post. So the New York Post runs a story with an author who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=135.8s	135.8	 is kind of unknown. And these laptops were somehow the hard drives. He never picked them up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=145.7s	145.7	 That's a little suspicious. The hard drives wind up with Rudy Giuliani and the FBI.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=151.8s	151.8	 Anyway, what they say is that Hunter Biden, which we kind of know is a grifter who traded on his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=157.4s	157.4	 last name to get big consulting deals. I don't know what board anybody here has been on that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=162.7s	162.7	 pays $50,000 a month, but it's obviously gnarly stuff. But the fallout from it was the big story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=169.6s	169.6	 I went to tweet the story and it wouldn't let me tweet the story. So the literal New York Post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=175.4s	175.4	 was banned by Twitter at the same time Facebook put a warning on it. So let's just put it out there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=182.6s	182.6	 You know, Sachs, you're guys losing pretty badly in this election. And so we'll go to our token
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=187.4s	187.4	 GOP. What do you think? Is this, let's take this in two parts. One, what do you think the chance is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=195.4s	195.4	 that this is fake news or real news or something in between? And then let's get into Twitter's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=200.6s	200.6	 insane decision to block the URL. Yeah. I mean, so first of all, I think this whole thing is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=206.6s	206.6	 tragedy of errors on the part of sort of everyone involved. I think the New York Post story stinks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=214.1s	214.1	 I don't think it meets sort of standards of journalistic integrity. We can talk about that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=221.3s	221.3	 But then I think, you know, Twitter and Facebook overreacted. And I think that the story was well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=227.2s	227.2	 in the process of being debunked by the internet. And it was like Twitter and Facebook didn't trust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=232.3s	232.3	 that process to happen. And so they intervened. And now I think there's going to be a third mistake,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=238.3s	238.3	 which is that conservatives are looking to repeal Section 230. We should talk about that. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=245.0s	245.0	 each one, there's been a cascade of disasters that have led to this dumpster fire. But starting with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=251.6s	251.6	 the story, it is very suspicious. First of all, these disclosures about Hunter Biden's personal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=259.8s	259.8	 life, they didn't have to go there, was completely gratuitous to the article. It was sleazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=264.3s	264.3	 And then of course, the story about how the hard drive ends up with the reporters makes no sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=269.3s	269.3	 Even today, Giuliani was making up new explanations for how it got there. It's now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=275.6s	275.6	 being widely speculated that the content came from the result of a hack, maybe involving foreign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=282.6s	282.6	 actors, that this whole idea that it came from this sort of hard drive that he left at a repair shop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=287.7s	287.7	 and forgot to pick up. I think that would have been the story today if it weren't for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=296.2s	296.2	 Facebook and Twitter making censorship the story. And then the final thing is, this story wasn't a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=302.2s	302.2	 smoking gun to begin with. The worst thing it showed was that there was a single email between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=308.2s	308.2	 a Burisma exec and Joe Biden. And the Biden campaign has denied that Joe Biden ever met with this guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=316.1s	316.1	 And so it wasn't ever the smoking gun. And that makes it all the more apparent why Facebook and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=325.2s	325.2	 Twitter sort of overreacted. It was almost like they were trying to overprotect their candidate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=330.5s	330.5	 That's the thing that obviously looks crazy. They now have given the GOP,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=337.8s	337.8	 the extreme right, the belief that the technology companies are now on the side of the left.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=346.0s	346.0	 Whereas last time, they were on the side of the right, I think. Facebook was supposed to be on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=350.4s	350.4	 the side of the right last time. So, Chamath, you worked at Facebook famously for many years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=354.4s	354.4	 What are your thoughts? Well, Jack came out last night and basically said that the reason that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=359.9s	359.9	 shut down distribution was that it came from hacking and doxing or some, I think that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=364.8s	364.8	 basically a combination. And then Facebook today came out and said, you know, before we could take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=370.9s	370.9	 it down, it had been distributed or read 300,000 times. I mean, look, if we just take a step back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=379.5s	379.5	 and think about what's happening here, there are more and more and more examples that are telling,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=385.6s	385.6	 I think, all of us what we kind of already knew, which is that this fig leaf that the online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=392.9s	392.9	 internet companies have used to shield themselves from any responsibility, those days are probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=399.3s	399.3	 numbered because now exactly as David said, what you have is the left and the right looking to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=405.0s	405.0	 repeal section 230. And so, and by the way, two days ago, I think it was Clarence Thomas basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=410.9s	410.9	 put out the entire roadmap of how to repeal it. And if you assume that Amy Coney Barrett gets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=416.1s	416.1	 you know, put into the high court in a matter of days or whatever, it's only a matter of time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=423.0s	423.0	 until the right case is thoughtfully prepared along those guardrails that Clarence Thomas defined.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=429.6s	429.6	 And it'll get, you know, fast tracked through to the Supreme Court. But if I was a betting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=436.2s	436.2	 man, which I am, I think that section 230 is their days are numbered and Facebook, Twitter, Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=442.4s	442.4	 all these companies are going to have to look more like newspapers and television stations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=446.7s	446.7	 Okay, so before we go to you, Friedberg, I'm just going to read what section 230 is. This is part of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=454.9s	454.9	 a law basically designed to protect common carriers, web hosters of legal claims
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=461.5s	461.5	 that come from hosting third party information. Here's what it reads. No provider or user of an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=467.3s	467.3	 interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=473.4s	473.4	 provided by another information content provider. So what this basically means is if you put a blog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=479.4s	479.4	 post up, and people comment on it, you're not responsible for their comments. Or if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=484.6s	484.6	 medium and you host the blog, you're not responsible for the comments of that person is that person's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=489.1s	489.1	 it makes complete logical sense. The entire internet was based off of this that platforms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=496.2s	496.2	 are not responsible for what people contribute to those platforms. That's how publishing works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=501.1s	501.1	 Now look at the internet's paper. But again, let's build on this. When that law was originally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=505.7s	505.7	 written, we had no conception of social distribution and algorithmic feeds that basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=511.5s	511.5	 pumped content and increase the volume on those things. So what you have now is really no different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=517.5s	517.5	 than if you know, you created a show on Netflix or HBO or CBS and put it out there. If that stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=525.5s	525.5	 contained, you know, something that was really offensive, those companies are on the hook. Did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=530.2s	530.2	 they make it? No. Did they distribute it? Yes. And it's the in here. But here's the difference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=534.8s	534.8	 in the athletes, but it's the active act of distributing it. You cannot look at these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=540.0s	540.0	 companies and say they are basically holding their hands back. They have written active code.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=545.9s	545.9	 And there is technical procedures that they are in control of that are both the amplifier and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=550.6s	550.6	 kill switch. But isn't this a bad analogy? Netflix, shouldn't it? The analogy be the person who makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=556.7s	556.7	 film stock where the person who makes the camera where the person who develops the film, not the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=561.8s	561.8	 person who distributes it because that amount of shows on Netflix, you can police all of them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=566.3s	566.3	 You can't net police and everything written. Netflix is making editorial decisions about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=571.5s	571.5	 which shows to publish. Just like, you know, a magazine makes editorial decisions about which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=577.9s	577.9	 articles to publish. They are clearly publishers. But the communications, the section 230, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=585.6s	585.6	 original distinction, I mean, if you want to think about like an offline terms for a second,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=589.6s	589.6	 you've got you've got this idea of publishers and distributors, right? That's a fundamental dichotomy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=594.2s	594.2	 A magazine would be a publisher. The newsstand on which it appears is a distributor. It shouldn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=600.3s	600.3	 be liable. If there's if there's a libelous article contained in that magazine, you shouldn't be able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=606.7s	606.7	 to sue every single newsstand in the country that made that magazine available for sale.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=611.4s	611.4	 That was the original offline law that was then kind of ported over into section 230.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=617.9s	617.9	 It made a lot of sense without this. I mean, I think it was a really visionary provision. It was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=622.7s	622.7	 passed in 1996. Without that, every time that somebody sends an email that, you know, potentially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=631.5s	631.5	 created a legal issue, you know, Gmail could have been liable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=635.4s	635.4	 Friedberg, is it what's the right analogy? When people post to the internet? Is that the is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=641.3s	641.3	 analogy paper or film stock? Is it the newsstand? Or is it the publisher? So remember, like what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=647.1s	647.1	 Sachs is pointing out is this was passed in 1996. So think back to 1996, when you would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=654.1s	654.1	 create some content, right? And the term around that time was user generated content, right? You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=658.3s	658.3	 guys remember this, like the early days, it was like the big sweep. UGC, UGC. And it was like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=663.1s	663.1	 big sweeping trend was like, oh my God, all this content is being created by the users. We don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=667.7s	667.7	 have to go find content creators to create, you know, a reason for other consumers to want to come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=673.1s	673.1	 to our websites. So users could create content. You know, Blogger was an early kind of user
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=678.0s	678.0	 generated content service. You could create a blog post, you could post it and people would show up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=682.6s	682.6	 The problem with Blogger or the challenge was distribution or syndication, right? How do I now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=688.8s	688.8	 I've posted my content, how do I as that content creator get people to read my content? And you'd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=693.6s	693.6	 have to send people like a link to a website or link to a webpage and you click on that link and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=697.6s	697.6	 then you could read it. What Chamath is pointing out is that today, Twitter and Facebook make a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=703.7s	703.7	 choice about and YouTube make a choice about what content to show. And so, you know, I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=709.6s	709.6	 analogy in the offline sense, via the algorithm is what you're saying to be clear, the algorithm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=714.1s	714.1	 and you know, YouTube realized that if they showed you videos that they think that you'll click on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=718.3s	718.3	 they'll keep you on YouTube longer and make more money from ads. So it keeps the cycle going. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=722.6s	722.6	 so they optimize content. It turns out that the content that you need to optimize for to get people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=726.9s	726.9	 to keep clicking is content that is somewhat activating to the amygdala in your brain. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=731.8s	731.8	 like stuff that makes you angry or makes you super pleasured and not just boring, ordinary stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=737.4s	737.4	 And so this sort of content, which the New York Post sells a lot of, is the sort of stuff that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=743.0s	743.0	 rises to the top of those algorithms naturally because of the way they operate. Now, if a magazine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=748.0s	748.0	 stand were to put those newspapers, using the offline analogy on the front of their magazine stand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=752.6s	752.6	 and told people walking down the street, hey, you guys should check these out. You know, top of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=756.2s	756.2	 news is Hunter Biden's smoking crack with a hooker. People would, you know, probably stop. But I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=761.1s	761.1	 the question is, should they be liable? Now, in I think 2000, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=766.9s	766.9	 was passed. And that act basically created a process by which folks who felt like, and it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=774.2s	774.2	 related to copyright. But I think the analogy is similar. If you thought that your content was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=778.9s	778.9	 copyrighted and was being put up falsely or put up without your permission, you could make a claim to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=784.2s	784.2	 one of those platforms to get your content pulled down. And I think the question is, is there some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=789.0s	789.0	 sort of analogy around liable content or false or misleading content that maybe this evolves into law
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=796.4s	796.4	 where there's a process by which platforms can kind of be challenged on what they're showing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=801.5s	801.5	 much like they are with the DMCA takedown notices? So the problem, the problem comes back to the code.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=807.4s	807.4	 If you explicitly write code that fundamentally makes it murky, whether you are the publisher or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=815.5s	815.5	 the distributor, I think that you have to basically take the approach that you are both. And then you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=821.8s	821.8	 should be subject to the laws of both. If, for example, Twitter did not have any algorithmic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=828.2s	828.2	 redistribution amplification, there were the only way you could get content was in a real time feed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=835.3s	835.3	 that was everything that your friends posted and they stayed silent. You could make a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=841.0s	841.0	 credible claim that they are a publisher and not a distributor. Which by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=844.6s	844.6	 is the way it originally worked. And it was why they were falling behind Facebook, as you well know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=849.3s	849.3	 because you worked on the algorithm. You cannot, you cannot claim that you're not a distributor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=854.7s	854.7	 when you literally have a bunch of people that sit beside you writing code that decides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=859.7s	859.7	 what is important and what is not. You can debate, you can debate which signals they decide to use,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=864.8s	864.8	 but it is their choice. Well, but if the signals are the user's own clicks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=871.1s	871.1	 then I would argue that's still just user generated content. No, no, no, it is a,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=875.0s	875.0	 it is a signal, David, but that's not the only signal. For example, I can tell you very clearly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=879.0s	879.0	 that we would choose a priori stuff that we knew you would click on. It wasn't necessarily the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=884.3s	884.3	 heavily clicked. We could make things that were lightly clicked, more clicked. We could make things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=888.9s	888.9	 that were more click less clicked. But my point is there are people inside the bowels of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=893.8s	893.8	 companies that are deciding what you and your children see. And to the extent that that's okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=899.8s	899.8	 that's okay. Wait, wait, wait, maybe we've actually solved this problem,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=903.2s	903.2	 Sachs, in that if we said, if you deploy an algorithm that is not disclosing how this is going,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=910.6s	910.6	 then you are ergo a publisher. And if you are just showing it reverse chronological,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=917.4s	917.4	 our cron, as we used to call back in the day, with the newest thing up top,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=921.3s	921.3	 that would be just a, I mean, so maybe we should be not getting rid of 230. We should be talking to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=927.0s	927.0	 these politicians about algorithms equal publisher. So the publisher at the New York coast is the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=933.3s	933.3	 as the algorithm. I like this as a better framework. Well, yeah. So, so Senator Tom Cotton,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=939.5s	939.5	 who's a Republican, he tweeted in response to the New York post censorship, look, if you guys are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=944.6s	944.6	 going to act like publishers, we're going to treat you like publishers. So that's not modifying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=949.1s	949.1	 section 230. That's the same, you're not going to qualify for section 230 protection anymore,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=952.6s	952.6	 if you're going to make all these editorial decisions. I would argue that these decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=957.6s	957.6	 are making about censoring specific articles. And by the way, it's a total double standard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=961.8s	961.8	 because when Trump's tax returns came out a week or two ago, where was the censorship of that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=968.4s	968.4	 Wasn't that hack material? I mean, that was material that found its way to the New York Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=972.2s	972.2	 without Trump's consent. By the way, so were the Pentagon papers. I mean, you cannot apply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=977.2s	977.2	 this standard, this idea that we're going to prohibit links to articles. But you're proving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=981.9s	981.9	 the point. These people are publishers. Well, hold on. I'm saying if they make editorial decisions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=989.6s	989.6	 they're publishers. I think there's a way for them to employ speech neutral rules and remain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=995.7s	995.7	 distributors. So I would have a little bit of an issue with you. I would say the reason why they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1002.9s	1002.9	 going to fall into this trap of becoming publishers is because of their own desire to censor their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1008.0s	1008.0	 own biases. I don't think that's what it is. I think it's purely market cap driven. If you go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1013.1s	1013.1	 from an algorithmic feed to a reverse chronological feed only, I can tell you what will happen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1019.5s	1019.5	 in my opinion, which is that the revenue monetization on a per page per impression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1025.0s	1025.0	 basis will go off by 90%. 90% for sure. People wouldn't. That is the only reason why these guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1031.9s	1031.9	 won't switch because they know that for every billion dollars they make today, it would go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1036.2s	1036.2	 100 million in a reverse chronological feed because you would not be able to place ads in any coherent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1041.4s	1041.4	 valuable way. There will be zero click throughs and the ads would be just worthless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1047.2s	1047.2	 Otherwise, they should do it now. If you could keep all the revenue and you could be reverse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1051.5s	1051.5	 chronological and have the same market cap, just do it and be under safe harbor so that you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1056.9s	1056.9	 attacked every day. How fun is it to be sitting there and being attacked every single day?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1062.6s	1062.6	 By both sides. By both sides and by all the libertarians in the middle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1066.8s	1066.8	 The reason they don't do it is because of money. Let's just be honest. That's the only reason they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1071.6s	1071.6	 don't do it. It's all market cap driven. Maybe they should go back to just the straight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1076.6s	1076.6	 reverse confeed and maybe you're right that the algorithm... I think you probably are right that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1079.9s	1079.9	 the algorithms make the situation worse because they trap people in these bubbles of reinforcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1087.3s	1087.3	 and they just keep being fed more ideological purity and it definitely is fueling the polarization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1092.6s	1092.6	 of our society. I'm not trying to defend... I think maybe you have a point that we should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1098.7s	1098.7	 get rid of these algorithms, but just to think about the publisher aspect of it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1102.6s	1102.6	 going back to the newsstand example, let's say that the guy who works at the newsstand knows his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1106.8s	1106.8	 customers and pulls aside every month the magazines that he knows that his clientele wants.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1114.2s	1114.2	 In fact, sometimes he even makes recommendations knowing that, oh, okay, Tramoth likes these three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1120.6s	1120.6	 magazines. Here's a new one. Maybe he'll like this and he pulls it aside for you. That would not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1124.6s	1124.6	 subject him to publisher liability even though he's doing some curation. He's not involved in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1129.6s	1129.6	 the content curation. I would argue that if the algorithms proceed in a speech neutral way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1137.0s	1137.0	 which is just to say they're going to look at your clicks and then based on your own revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1140.6s	1140.6	 preferences suggest other things for you to look at, I don't think that makes you a publisher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1145.2s	1145.2	 necessarily. If these engineers are putting their thumb on the scale and pushing the algorithm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1155.0s	1155.0	 towards certain specific kinds of content, that may cross over. No, no, no, no. You're being too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1159.5s	1159.5	 specific. It's not that extreme and it's not as simple as you're saying. The reality is there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1165.2s	1165.2	 incredibly intricate models on a per person basis that these companies use to figure out what you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1172.0s	1172.0	 likely going to click on. Not what you should, not what is exposed to you, not what you shouldn't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1177.9s	1177.9	 but what you likely will. That's part of a much broader maximization function that includes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1183.4s	1183.4	 revenue as a huge driver. The reality is that these guys are making publishing decisions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1190.7s	1190.7	 You are right, David, that the law back in the day, it didn't scale to the newspaper owner,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1195.7s	1195.7	 but in 1796, colored people were three-fifths of a human and we figured out a way to change the law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1202.2s	1202.2	 I'm pretty sure we can change the law here too. I think what's going to happen is you should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1208.1s	1208.1	 allowed to be algorithmic, but then you should live and die by the same rules as everybody else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1213.0s	1213.0	 Otherwise, that is what's really anti-competitive, is to essentially lie your way to a market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1218.7s	1218.7	 advantage that isn't true just because people don't understand what an algorithm is. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1223.5s	1223.5	 not sufficient to me. But they're not actually in the content creation business, right? What's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1231.8s	1231.8	 definition of a term publisher in that context? Because in all other cases, publishers pay for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1236.8s	1236.8	 and guide and direct the editorial creation of the content versus being a discriminatory function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1243.8s	1243.8	 of that content. Here's the problem. Let's take, for example, Instagram Reels. Can you manipulate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1250.5s	1250.5	 content through Reels? Yes. Now, as the person that provides that tool to create content that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1259.5s	1259.5	 theoretically could be violating other people's copyright or offensive or wrong or whatever,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1265.4s	1265.4	 and then you yourself distribute it to other people knowingly, the reality is that the laws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1272.3s	1272.3	 need to address in a mature way the reality of what is happening today versus trying to harken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1280.2s	1280.2	 back to the 1860s and the 1930s because things are just different and we're smart enough as humans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1287.0s	1287.0	 to figure out these nuances and that sometimes we start with good intentions and the laws just need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1292.5s	1292.5	 to change. Well, ironically, Chamath, you're making a point that Clarence Thomas made, Justice Thomas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1298.7s	1298.7	 made in his recent filing where he said that if you are acting as both a publisher and a distributor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1306.0s	1306.0	 you need to be subject to publisher liability, which means peeling back section 230. And moreover,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1311.2s	1311.2	 you may not even be the primary creator of the content. If you're merely a secondary creator,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1316.5s	1316.5	 if you're someone who has a hand in the content, then you are your creator, you're a publisher,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1323.0s	1323.0	 and therefore you should lose section 230 protection. That is basically what he said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1326.8s	1326.8	 If your argument is that the algorithms make you a content creator effectively,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1333.1s	1333.1	 and the tools, algorithms and tools. The other thing is, you know, what you have the algorithm,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1340.2s	1340.2	 you also have monetization, guys, right? There's monetization involved in the YouTube example.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1345.5s	1345.5	 So they are helping you. We're having a serious conversation, Jason. Let's not let's not go off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1349.6s	1349.6	 on that. No, but Chamath, I mean, this goes back to the politics makes strange bedfellows point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1356.5s	1356.5	 I mean, I think a lot of the conservatives are actually making the point you're making,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1359.8s	1359.8	 which is that these social media sites are involved in publishing. I don't want these guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1366.6s	1366.6	 involved in any of this shit, because I don't trust them to be neutral over long periods of time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1373.6s	1373.6	 So do you trust their decision to pull down QAnon groups and zero? What just like a group?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1379.7s	1379.7	 Just like it took it took years for us to figure out that Holocaust denial was wrong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1385.6s	1385.6	 Anti-vax was marginal. QAnon was crazy. Like wearing masks was a good idea, right? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1390.6s	1390.6	 I don't want these people in charge of any of this stuff. And to the extent that they are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1395.5s	1395.5	 I want them to be liable and culpable to defend their decision. So Chamath, your ideal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1401.3s	1401.3	 nonprofit social media service would be a chronological feed of any content anyone wants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1408.0s	1408.0	 to publish that anyone can browse. That's not what I'm saying, David. What I'm saying is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1411.9s	1411.9	 you have to be able to live with the risk that comes with, you know, playing in the big league
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1419.8s	1419.8	 and wanting to be a 500 plus billion dollar company. There is a liability that comes with that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1424.7s	1424.7	 and you need to own it and live up to the responsibility of what it means. Otherwise,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1429.0s	1429.0	 you don't get the free option. What if they didn't take a hand in it and they follow the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1434.0s	1434.0	 Reddit model and it's just upvoting that decides what content rises to the top?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1438.7s	1438.7	 I suspect that so Reddit has just a different problem, which is a sort of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1442.9s	1442.9	 you know, a decency problem and a different class of law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1446.1s	1446.1	 Who are we to judge decency, right? I mean, like in the vein of like editorialism,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1450.2s	1450.2	 like they're taking no hand in what content rises to the top.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1453.1s	1453.1	 Well, they did ban certain topics. They did recently, but like, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1456.8s	1456.8	 assume they didn't. Right. And it was just purely like upvoted consumer and not algorithmic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1460.9s	1460.9	 That's the end. It's very hard to pin. I think it's very hard to pin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1465.4s	1465.4	 I think it's very hard to pin a Section 230 claim on Reddit, as easy as it is YouTube,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1471.4s	1471.4	 Facebook and Twitter. And so if YouTube reverted to just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1474.7s	1474.7	 hey, what people are watching right now rises to the top. And that was the only thing that drove
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1478.2s	1478.2	 the algorithm. You would feel more comfortable with YouTube not being.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1481.1s	1481.1	 It's not comfortable. This is what I'm saying. It's what I know. All I want to know is what am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1486.2s	1486.2	 I getting when I go here? And if what I'm getting is a subjective function where they are maximizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1495.0s	1495.0	 revenue, which means that I can't necessarily trust the content I get as long as I know that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1500.4s	1500.4	 And as long as there's recourse for me, I'm very fine to use YouTube and Twitter and Facebook.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1506.3s	1506.3	 What I think is unfair is to not know that there's a subjective function,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1511.2s	1511.2	 me confuse it with an objective function, go on with your life, end up in this state that we're in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1516.6s	1516.6	 now where nobody is happy and everybody is throwing barbs and you have no solution.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1521.8s	1521.8	 Maybe I just want to be stimulated. Like I remember the day when I would go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1525.1s	1525.1	 Facebook and Twitter and it was boring as hell. It's like just fucking random shit that people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1528.6s	1528.6	 like, here's a picture of my job. You know, like, like I, now I go to Facebook and I'm like fucking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1534.1s	1534.1	 addicted because it's showing me this and there's like shit that I've been buying online and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1537.4s	1537.4	 ads keep popping up and I'm like, oh, this is awesome. And I keep buying more stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1542.0s	1542.0	 I think all of that is good, but I, it's all, it all should be done eyes wide open where in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1547.0s	1547.0	 these corner cases, the people that feel like some sort of right or privilege or has been violated or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1554.6s	1554.6	 some overstepping has occurred, they should have some legal recourse and they should be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1559.3s	1559.3	 they should be on the record, a mechanism to disambiguate all that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1562.3s	1562.3	 Wait, hold on. Let me just ask this one question, David. Would this be alleviated if the algorithm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1570.2s	1570.2	 was less of a black box? If we could just say, Hey, no, we need these algorithms to be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1575.0s	1575.0	 so that's not a solution. And then what is this? And then, and I want to hear David's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1578.6s	1578.6	 about that. And then also labeling because Facebook labeled stuff and if labeling stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1583.9s	1583.9	 Hey, this is disputed from a third party. That feels to me like that would have been a better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1588.5s	1588.5	 solution in the Twitter's case. All right. Let me get in here. So I half agree with Trimoth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1592.7s	1592.7	 Okay. So the half I agree with is I don't want any of these people, meaning the social media sites,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1598.0s	1598.0	 making editorial decisions about what I see, censoring what I can look at. I don't trust them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1603.9s	1603.9	 I don't want that kind of power residing in really two people's hands, Mark Zuckerberg and Jack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1610.2s	1610.2	 Dorsey. I don't, I don't trust them and I don't want them to have that kind of power, but that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1614.2s	1614.2	 where I disagree is if you're appeal section two third, you're going to make the situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1618.5s	1618.5	 infinitely worse because section two, what is the response to these companies going to be corporate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1624.2s	1624.2	 risk aversion is going to cause them to want to hire hundreds of low level employees, basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1629.4s	1629.4	 millennials to sit there making judgments about what content might be defamatory, might cause a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1635.3s	1635.3	 lawsuit. They're going to be taking down content all over the place. And you know what will happen?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1640.3s	1640.3	 That's going to be a worse world. No, you know what will happen? Those companies will lose users,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1645.0s	1645.0	 lose engagement and new things will spring up in its place around these laws that work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1651.0s	1651.0	 How will they, how will they lose audience? I mean, I think what will happen is you have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1653.5s	1653.5	 torn of lawsuits. Anytime somebody has a potential lawsuit based on, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1660.6s	1660.6	 this reminds me of like trying to police speech at a dinner party. Like our job never existed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1666.9s	1666.9	 at a scale. This has never existed at the scale. I don't think the goal is to work backwards from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1671.4s	1671.4	 how do we preserve a trillion dollars of market cap. So what if that's what happens? I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1676.6s	1676.6	 that's what we're doing. So for me, I'm trying to work back from how do we preserve the open internet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1681.6s	1681.6	 But I think this is exactly what it's saying, which is here's a clear delineation in 2020,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1686.2s	1686.2	 knowing what we know, you know, person entrepreneur who goes to Y Combinator or to launch to build the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1691.5s	1691.5	 next great company. Here are these rules, pick your poison. And some will choose to be just a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1696.9s	1696.9	 publisher. Some will probably create forms of distribution we can't even think of. Some will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1702.0s	1702.0	 choose to straddle the line. They'll have different risk spectrums that they live on. And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1707.0s	1707.0	 exactly how the free markets work today. There's nothing wrong with that. Maybe the only like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1712.7s	1712.7	 disagreement here is that I think that code can be written and algorithms can be written in a speech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1718.6s	1718.6	 neutral way so that the distributors don't cross over the line to becoming publishers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1723.0s	1723.0	 I fully agree with you that these sites should not be publishers. The reason why the New York
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1727.4s	1727.4	 Post story should be taken off. They should be platforms and they cross the line. I would say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1732.4s	1732.4	 that this this New York Post story is the reason why people up in arms about it is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1738.6s	1738.6	 what Twitter and Facebook have done is basically said they're going to sit in judgment of the media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1743.8s	1743.8	 industry. And if a publisher like the New York Post puts out a story that doesn't meet the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1749.1s	1749.1	 standards of Twitter and Facebook, they're going to censor them. That is a sweeping assertion of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1754.9s	1754.9	 power. They're picking and choosing who they don't want to give distribution to. Yeah, we all agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1759.5s	1759.5	 on that piece. They should not be the arbiter of that. That is what is triggering, but that is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1764.6s	1764.6	 is triggering the conservatives in particular, but everybody, but especially conservatives to say they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1770.0s	1770.0	 want to repeal section 230. My point is nobody is safe. And it's less about I actually think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1777.0s	1777.0	 there's a nuance point to this, which is it's less about what they think is legit or not, as much as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1784.1s	1784.1	 what they think is important or not. They chose to make this an important article. They chose to kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1789.0s	1789.0	 of intervene in this particular case when every day there are going to be hundreds of other articles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1794.1s	1794.1	 that are going to be actively shared on these platforms that are by those same standards false
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1798.7s	1798.7	 with some degree of equivalency false and should be on the platform. And it is the simple choice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1803.6s	1803.6	 that they chose an article to exclude, regardless of the reason in the background, because there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1809.0s	1809.0	 many articles like it that aren't being excluded. And that alone speaks to the hole in the system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1813.4s	1813.4	 as kind of sacks of money. Well, it's because they have too much power and they're unaware of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1818.9s	1818.9	 their own biases. They can't see this action for what it so clearly was. It was a knee-jerk reaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1825.6s	1825.6	 on the part of employees at Twitter and Facebook to protect the Biden campaign from a story that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1831.5s	1831.5	 they didn't like. I mean, because if they were to apply these standards evenly, they would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1836.5s	1836.5	 blocked the Trump tax returns for the exact same reason. By the way, just so you know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1839.4s	1839.4	 Jay Cal's about to block you so he can keep the Biden campaign strong and not have your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1844.6s	1844.6	 I would say I've been red-pilled actually the last 24 hours have been red-pilling for me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1850.0s	1850.0	 I got to say, David, I agree with you because like I thought I thought that both things were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1854.9s	1854.9	 crossing the line. Meaning either you publish them both or you censor them both. And there are very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1862.2s	1862.2	 legitimate reasons where you could be on either side, but to choose one and not do the other,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1867.4s	1867.4	 it just again, it creates for me uncertainty. And I don't like uncertainty. And I really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1871.5s	1871.5	 don't like the idea that some nameless faceless person in one of these organizations is all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1876.3s	1876.3	 a sudden going to decide for me knowledge and information. That to me is just unacceptable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1882.1s	1882.1	 The journalistic standard becomes a slippery slope to nowhere, right? Like at that point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1886.5s	1886.5	 like what is what is not true? What is opinion? What is not opinion? What is what? You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1891.4s	1891.4	 how do I validate whether this fucking laptop came from this guy or this guy or this guy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1895.4s	1895.4	 It's a slippery. How are you ever going to resolve that billions of articles a day?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1899.2s	1899.2	 Standards would be the answer. Yeah, lower standards.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1904.8s	1904.8	 Right. And so let's look at how slippery the slope has become just a week ago. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1908.6s	1908.6	 literally a week ago, Mark Zuckerberg put out a statement explaining why Facebook was going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1914.7s	1914.7	 censor censor Holocaust denial. Why he went out on a limb, huh, David? Well, it's, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1920.6s	1920.6	 Wow. No, no, no, no, no, my point is, my point is he actually put out a multi paragraph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1928.8s	1928.8	 well reasoned statement. Multi paragraph. Three paragraphs about the Holocaust is bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1933.8s	1933.8	 Wow. Congrats. No, no, no, no, what I'm trying to you're not listening to my point. My point is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1938.9s	1938.9	 that he took it seriously that he was going to censor something. And I think, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1944.2s	1944.2	 people can come down, you could be like a Skokie ACLU liberal and oppose it. Or, you know, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1949.3s	1949.3	 could say, look, common sense dictates that you would you would censor this. But he felt the need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1953.4s	1953.4	 to justify it with, you know, like a long post. And then one week later, we're already down the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1958.4s	1958.4	 slippery slope to the point where, you know, Facebook's justification for censoring this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1963.0s	1963.0	 article was a tweet by Andy Stone. You know, like, that was it. It was a tweet. That was the only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1968.2s	1968.2	 explanation they gave. By the way, one of the reporters pointed out that if you were going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1972.5s	1972.5	 announce a new policy, you probably wouldn't want it done by a guy who's been a lifelong Democratic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1977.8s	1977.8	 operative. You know, this was just so and so it just shows that once you start down the slope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1983.0s	1983.0	 of censoring things, it becomes so easy to keep doing it more and more. And, and this is why I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1989.8s	1989.8	 think these guys are really in hot water, whatever, whatever, you know, whatever controversy there was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=1995.9s	1995.9	 about section 230 before, and there was already a lot of rumblings in DC about modifying this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2002.4s	2002.4	 they have made things 10 times worse. I mean, as someone who's actually a defender of section 230,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2008.1s	2008.1	 I wish Dorsey and Zuckerberg weren't making these blunders, but I think they're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2011.5s	2011.5	 ruin the open internet for everyone. Super blundered. I'll tell you what was an even bigger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2015.5s	2015.5	 blunder for an equal blunder for me last night. I don't know if you guys had this experience,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2019.1s	2019.1	 but I was trying to figure out what the consensus view on the Biden, Hunter Biden story was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2025.6s	2025.6	 And I went to Rachel Maddow and the last word and Anderson Cooper, and there was a media blackout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2032.9s	2032.9	 last night that I couldn't find one left leaning or CNN if that is even in the center. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2039.8s	2039.8	 think they're the center anymore than the left. I couldn't find one person talking about Biden.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2044.0s	2044.0	 I was like, all right, let me just see if I tune into Fox News and Fox News was only discussing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2048.0s	2048.0	 the Biden story. And so this now felt like, wow, not only if you were one of these, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2055.1s	2055.1	 folks on the left who's in their filter bubble on Twitter and Facebook, they're not going to see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2059.7s	2059.7	 that story. And then if they tuned into Rachel Maddow or to Anderson Cooper, or you go to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2065.2s	2065.2	 New York Times, it's not there either. And then Drudge didn't have it for a day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2069.2s	2069.2	 You're bringing up something so important. So think about what you're really talking about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2074.3s	2074.3	 Jason. There was a first order reaction that was misplaced and not rooted in anything that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2080.4s	2080.4	 was really scalable or justifiable. Then everybody has to deal with the second and third order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2086.2s	2086.2	 reactions. The left leaning media outlets circle the wagons. The right leaning media outlets are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2093.0s	2093.0	 up in arms. Nobody is happy. Both look like they're misleading. And then now if you're a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2098.2s	2098.2	 person in the middle, for example, what was frustrating for me yesterday was it took me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2103.4s	2103.4	 five or six clicks and hunting and pecking to find out what the hell is actually going on here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2107.6s	2107.6	 Why is everybody going crazy? But that bothered me. You know? And so I just think, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2116.1s	2116.1	 it used to be very simple to define what a publisher was and what a distributor was in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2120.6s	2120.6	 a world without code, without machine learning, without AI, without all of these things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2125.9s	2125.9	 I think those lines are blurred. We have to rewrite the laws. I think you should be able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2131.2s	2131.2	 to choose. And then I think if you're trying to do both, by the way, the businesses that successfully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2135.9s	2135.9	 do both will have the best market caps. But if you're trying to do both, you have to live and die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2140.2s	2140.2	 by the sword. Yeah. It would be interesting also if, I don't know if you guys have done this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2145.9s	2145.9	 but I switched my Twitter to being reverse chronological, which you can do in the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2150.4s	2150.4	 right hand corner of the app or on your desktop. Cause I just like to see the most recent stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2154.3s	2154.3	 first, but then sometimes I do miss something that's trending, whatever. But I just prefer that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2157.5s	2157.5	 cause I have a smaller follower list now. But to Friedberg, your point, you kind of like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2164.4s	2164.4	 algorithm telling you what to watch. So a potential solution here might be-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2169.4s	2169.4	 I'm not saying I like it rationally, by the way. I'm just saying like as a human, humans like it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2173.0s	2173.0	 I like it. Like I like to be stimulated with titillating information and, you know, interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2180.0s	2180.0	 things that for whatever reason I'm going to, you know- Click on again. You like that experience of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2185.2s	2185.2	 jumping down the razzle. My point is all humans are activated and the algorithms, the way they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2189.5s	2189.5	 written, they're designed to activate you and keep you engaged. And activation naturally leads to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2194.9s	2194.9	 these dynamic feedback loops where I'm going to get the same sort of stuff over and over again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2199.1s	2199.1	 that identifies, activates me because I clicked on it. And therefore I'm going to continue to firm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2204.2s	2204.2	 up my opinions and my beliefs in that area. But I think doing these stuff that I don't believe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2209.2s	2209.2	 showing me stuff that's anti-science, cause I'm a science guy, showing me stuff that's anti-science,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2213.0s	2213.0	 showing me stuff that's bullshit that I consider bullshit, I'm not going to read it anymore. So if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2217.0s	2217.0	 I'm reading just random blurtings by random people in reverse chronological order, it is a completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2222.4s	2222.4	 uncompelling platform to me and I will stop using it. And that leads back to kind of the, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2226.8s	2226.8	 Chumov's point, which is that the ultimate incentive, the mechanism by which these platforms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2230.5s	2230.5	 stay alive is the capitalist incentive, which is, you know, how do you drive revenue and therefore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2235.8s	2235.8	 how do you drive engagement? And that's to give consumers what they want. And that's what consumers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2240.2s	2240.2	 want. All right. Let's, let's give Sachs his victory lap. He predicted last time that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2245.9s	2245.9	 there was a possibility that Trump would come out of this like Superman and would do a huge victory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2251.8s	2251.8	 lap. And sure enough, he considered putting a Superman outfit on under his suit. And he did a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2258.5s	2258.5	 victory lap literally around the hospital, putting the secret service at risk, I guess. And then did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2266.0s	2266.0	 a Mussolini like salute from everybody from the top of the White House. I mean, you nailed it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2273.0s	2273.0	 Sachs. It was very ill-ducé. I haven't been to that. He did. It was very ill-ducé.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2280.2s	2280.2	 It was, it was, it was very predictable. It was, you know, the media was making it sound like Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2285.4s	2285.4	 was on his deathbed, you know, because the presumption is always that the administration's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2289.4s	2289.4	 hiding something. He must be much sicker than he's letting on. If he says he's not that sick,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2294.2s	2294.2	 it must be really bad. And so for days and days, they were talking about how Trump was, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2298.6s	2298.6	 potentially had this fatal condition and by the way, he deserved it, you know, was a moral failing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2304.2s	2304.2	 he was negligent. And so it, it's not unlike really what the right was doing, constantly accusing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2309.9s	2309.9	 Biden of senility, you know, and then Biden went into that debate and then blew away expectations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2316.2s	2316.2	 And so the same thing here, you know, the media set up Trump to kind of exceed expectations. But I,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2322.4s	2322.4	 but I do think, you know, it is noteworthy that Trump was cured so quickly with the use of these,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2331.3s	2331.3	 you know, coronal antibodies that we talked about last time. I think we talked about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2334.9s	2334.9	 on the show two weeks ago and it was a combination, I guess, of Regeneron and Remdesivir and the guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2340.8s	2340.8	 was out of there in like a couple of days. So, you know, it's like the media doesn't want to admit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2347.3s	2347.3	 anything that is potentially helpful to Trump, but you have to say that at this point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2353.0s	2353.0	 we have very effective treatments for COVID. They may not be completely distributed yet. Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2359.8s	2359.8	 obviously had access to them that the rest of us don't have. But it feels to me like we are really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2364.9s	2364.9	 winding down on the whole, the whole COVID thing. Can I ask a question? Is it, has, have they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2369.8s	2369.8	 published the blow by blow TikTok of exactly what he got when, no, they haven't, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2377.5s	2377.5	 Well, I would love to have that because I think all Americans deserve to have that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2381.3s	2381.3	 Yeah, they know, they know what his dosage was and they said what day he got it on the Remdesivir.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2385.6s	2385.6	 He got several doses. It said what days he got the antibody treatment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2390.7s	2390.7	 I just want to print that out and keep it as a folded in my pocket, just in case.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2395.2s	2395.2	 Oh, we know what to take now. We know what to take if we get sick, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2398.6s	2398.6	 Yeah. Well, the question is, can we get it? But even independent of that, right? Like, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2404.8s	2404.8	 people love anecdote. It's very hard for people to find emotion and find belief in statistics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2412.2s	2412.2	 And, you know, if you look at the statistics on COVID, you know, you go into the hospital,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2416.2s	2416.2	 80% chance you're coming out and, you know, the average stay for someone that goes in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2421.5s	2421.5	 a lot of people are going to the ER and they're getting pushed back out because they're not severe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2424.6s	2424.6	 enough. And I think the anecdote is everyone that gets COVID dies. The statistics show that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2430.6s	2430.6	 that's not true. And, you know, whether or not Trump got exceptional treatment, he certainly did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2437.3s	2437.3	 It's very hard to sacks his point for the storytelling that has kind of been used to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2442.2s	2442.2	 keep people at home and manage kind of and create this expectation of severity of this crisis, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2448.6s	2448.6	 It's very hard for people to kind of then say, hey, like, you know, he's got a 97% chance of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2454.2s	2454.2	 making it through this and he'll be at 90% chance to be out of the hospital in three days. When it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2458.0s	2458.0	 happened, it was a shocking moment. And it really hit that narrative upside down, right? Like it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2463.5s	2463.5	 just like, well, can we show that there was a tweet recently providing the statistics on what the real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2469.8s	2469.8	 infection fatality rate was for COVID? Yeah, it's about half a percent point four. And that's across,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2477.1s	2477.1	 you know, the whole spectrum, but like in anyone under 75 years old, you've got the number of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2482.0s	2482.0	 sites. Right. But it's here. Let me pull it up. So we, we, I think Bill Gurley first tweeted it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2487.6s	2487.6	 And then I retweeted it. I thought the IFR was like point one if you're young. And it goes all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2492.8s	2492.8	 the way up to like point four. If you were above 75, it's way less than point one. Yeah, it's, it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2499.0s	2499.0	 it was, I thought the IFR was a lot less severe than that. That IFR is also distorted, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2505.8s	2505.8	 based on the zero prevalence study that was just published, you can take that number that's published
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2511.0s	2511.0	 and divide it by about three, three to five. Why? To get the true IFR because not everyone that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2517.1s	2517.1	 had COVID is registering as a positive infection because they had COVID and got over it. So there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2521.9s	2521.9	 was a paper published in, in, in JAMA a few weeks ago, where they took dialysis patients, and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2529.5s	2529.5	 measured and they get blood from these dialysis patients and they measured COVID antibodies in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2533.6s	2533.6	 these patients. And they showed that in the Northeast, 30% of people, it's 27 point something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2538.2s	2538.2	 percent of people have already had COVID. It's an incredible fact. Wow. And in the West, the number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2545.2s	2545.2	 is close in Western states, they've kind of got it all written up in this paper. And they did a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2548.9s	2548.9	 job with the paper. It's about 3%. But in aggregate across the United States, it's a, this was a few
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2554.6s	2554.6	 weeks ago. So nowadays it's, it was a 10.5%, I think. So it's probably closer to 12% now of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2559.8s	2559.8	 have already had COVID. And so then if you assume that number, right, I mean, that's 30 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2564.7s	2564.7	 people. And now you look at how many people have died. We haven't gotten the deaths wrong,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2568.8s	2568.8	 right? Cause everyone that's died from COVID, we've recorded that death. We know that number is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2572.7s	2572.7	 right. It could be a little inflated, right? People who died with COVID as opposed to from COVID.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2577.5s	2577.5	 Be conservative and assume that it's right, right? I mean, if I look in the United States-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2580.7s	2580.7	 Yeah, it's 217,000, 8 million cases, but the real cases is 30 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2585.8s	2585.8	 30 million. And that's where you, that's where you end up with this like, you know, adjusted IFR,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2591.0s	2591.0	 true IFR of- 0.1. Yeah. Like very, very 0.1%, 0.07%, or 0.7%, sorry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2603.4s	2603.4	 By the way, my tweets aren't loading right now. So-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2606.4s	2606.4	 I think Trump just took the TikTok decree and he just crossed out TikTok and put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2611.8s	2611.8	 Twitter and he just shut Twitter down. What, what, what is the TikTok thing done?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2616.1s	2616.1	 Yeah, who knows? That was like three weeks ago. It doesn't matter anymore,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2620.5s	2620.5	 Trumup. Was there a second debate?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2625.4s	2625.4	 There's tonight, there's going to be two town halls. Trump refused to do a Zoom with,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2634.2s	2634.2	 or, you know, a Zoom debate. I'm talking about the power of Zoom. A virtual debate he wouldn't do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2640.1s	2640.1	 ostensibly because he's not good when he's not interrupting somebody, would be my take on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2646.0s	2646.0	 So then he went to NBC, which he made $400 million, I guess, from The Apprentice,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2651.0s	2651.0	 and NBC let him take a time slot directly opposite Biden tonight to do his own town hall.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2656.9s	2656.9	 So they didn't even stagger it, which NBC, which is responsible for saving Trump, is getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2663.5s	2663.5	 absolutely demolished by their own actors and showrunners on Twitter. So I think NBC is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2668.4s	2668.4	 to come out swinging tonight in this town hall to try to, you know, take down Trump as maybe their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2674.2s	2674.2	 penance. That's my prediction for it. But how do you watch Biden if Biden is up against Trump? Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2681.0s	2681.0	 that's like watching paint dry versus watching like, you know, some maniac running down Market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2687.4s	2687.4	 Street with the samurai sword on meth. I'll be, I won't be watching either. I cannot wait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2693.3s	2693.3	 for this election to be over. How many days until November 3rd? We are like 15 days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2697.4s	2697.4	 And a wake up 18 days. My gosh, maybe 18. Yeah, let us just get this over with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2704.0s	2704.0	 Yeah, I know. We're all sick of it. I do feel like I mean, it's the polls are now showing that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2709.8s	2709.8	 Biden is up by as much as 17. I mean, things are really continue to break his way. I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2716.4s	2716.4	 to your point, Jason, about Trump being more watchable, I think that's sort of Trump's problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2721.8s	2721.8	 is he just can't help making himself the center of the news cycle every single day. And to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2728.5s	2728.5	 extent the election is a referendum on Trump, I think he's going to get repudiated if the election
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2735.0s	2735.0	 were more of a contest, and people would weigh Biden's, you know, positions as well, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2741.2s	2741.2	 Trump would have a better shot because I think he does have some Biden does have some weaknesses. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2746.6s	2746.6	 the whole reason why Biden's basement strategy has been working so far is because Trump just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2750.7s	2750.7	 use up all the oxygen and he's making it a referendum on him, which I think he'll lose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2755.3s	2755.3	 if he keeps doing it that way. You know what they say, Sax, what got you here will not get you there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2760.4s	2760.4	 What got him into his office was the ability to take up the entire media channel during the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2765.0s	2765.0	 Republican runoff and just be able to demolish everybody was entertaining. I want to that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2770.1s	2770.1	 exhausting. It's now exhausting. I want to change topics. I would like to ask David to explain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2777.7s	2777.7	 his tweet related to prop 13. 15. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, so I saw that that Mark Zuckerberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2787.8s	2787.8	 had contributed $11 million to try and convince the people of California to vote for this prop 15,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2794.6s	2794.6	 which is the largest property tax increase in California history. What it does is it chips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2799.4s	2799.4	 away at prop 13 by moving commercial property out of prop 13. And it would then tax it almost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2809.8s	2809.8	 called fair market value as opposed to the cost basis of the property. It would have a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2814.7s	2814.7	 unfair consequences for property owners who've owned their commercial property for a long time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2822.6s	2822.6	 You know, if you're a small business and you've owned your store or whatever for 20, 30 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2828.6s	2828.6	 all of a sudden you're going to get your taxes are going to get reassessed at the new fair market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2832.8s	2832.8	 value. But, you know, I just think there's the larger prize though, is that the California unions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2843.4s	2843.4	 the government workers unions want to chip away at prop 13. This is the first salvo. First,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2847.5s	2847.5	 we're going to strip out commercial property. Eventually they want to, they want to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2851.6s	2851.6	 repeal all of prop 13. And I just think it's like so misguided for billionaires to be using
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2857.5s	2857.5	 their wealth in this way. Because prop 13 is really the shield of the middle class in California.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2863.3s	2863.3	 And it's kind of no wonder that frankly, like tech belt wealth is so just increasingly despised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2869.8s	2869.8	 in this country because tech billionaires are funding such stupid causes. To explain this to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2876.0s	2876.0	 people who don't know in California, if you bought your house in 1970 for $50,000, the 1% tax you pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2882.8s	2882.8	 on it is $500. That house might be worth 5 million today if it was in Atherton. And so you're still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2888.9s	2888.9	 paying what would have been a $50,000 tax bill is a $500 tax bill. So they're starting with commercial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2895.1s	2895.1	 spaces and Jason, sorry, and you can pass it off to your kids at that cost basis. Yeah. So this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2902.6s	2902.6	 why you have two old people living in a five bedroom. Right. It caps the rate increase of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2908.1s	2908.1	 tax increase every year. If you didn't have prop 13, if you didn't have prop 13, anybody who owned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2921.0s	2921.0	 his own their house for say 20 years would have a massive tax bill all of a sudden, and probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2925.8s	2925.8	 would have to sell their house. Just about anybody who's middle class, who's been in California for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2931.2s	2931.2	 more than a decade or two, probably could no longer afford to live in their house. But the reality is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2936.4s	2936.4	 people are mortgaging that asset tax to access capital that they're using and investing in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2941.8s	2941.8	 different things, whether it's fueling the economy. Right. So, I mean, the libertarian point of view
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2947.1s	2947.1	 might be less taxes is good because in this particular case, that building can still be used
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2951.9s	2951.9	 by that resident to buy stuff. They can take a mortgage out and they can go spend that money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2957.4s	2957.4	 versus having that money eaten up by property taxes, which just goes to the government.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2961.5s	2961.5	 Yeah. So, I understand that if you were to design the perfect tax policy, it wouldn't look like prop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2968.1s	2968.1	 13 or maybe prop 15 in a vacuum. If you're just like a policy wonk trying to design the ideal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2976.5s	2976.5	 tax policy, it might look more like that. But the real problem in California, we're not an under tax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2982.2s	2982.2	 state. It's a massively tax state. And there's never enough. The beast always wants more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2989.2s	2989.2	 And so, what I would say is, look, if you want to reform prop 13, do it as part of a grand bargain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2994.7s	2994.7	 that creates real structural reform in the state of California. What I mean by structural reform,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=2999.4s	2999.4	 you got to look at who controls the system. And it's really the government employee unions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3004.6s	3004.6	 who block all structural reform and who keep eating up a bigger and bigger portion of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3008.7s	3008.7	 state budget. So, we've talked about this on previous pods that the police unions block any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3014.2s	3014.2	 police reform. The prison unions block prison reform. You've got the teachers unions blocking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3020.2s	3020.2	 education reform and school choice. If you want to talk about systemic problems in California,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3024.7s	3024.7	 look at who runs the system. It's these gigantic unions. And a bigger and bigger portion of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3030.2s	3030.2	 budget keeps going to them every year. They're breaking the bank. And by the way, it doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3035.3s	3035.3	 get us more cops on the beat. It doesn't get us more teachers in the classroom. What it's buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3039.3s	3039.3	 is lots and lots more of administration along with a bunch of pension fraud.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3043.7s	3043.7	 And so, what I would do is I would say, look, we need some structural reforms here. We need some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3048.0s	3048.0	 caps on the rate of growth in spending. We need some pension reforms. In exchange for that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3054.9s	3054.9	 as part of a grand bargain, you might get some reforms to prop 13. But just to give away one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3060.2s	3060.2	 of the only cards we have in negotiating with these powerful special interests for no reason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3065.7s	3065.7	 I just think it's dumb. Do you think that Zuck was tricked or what do you think?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3070.8s	3070.8	 I think he's probably got, look, I don't really know, but I don't know how many things and I've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3075.0s	3075.0	 defended him on this podcast a lot basically on the speech issue. But I think what it is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3080.7s	3080.7	 he's got some foundation and he's got some pointy headed policy walks sitting there trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3085.8s	3085.8	 analyze what the perfect tax policy is. And it probably looks more like fair market value than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3090.8s	3090.8	 like cost basis. And they're not thinking about the larger political ramifications, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3099.0s	3099.0	 the private sector is being squeezed more and more by these public employee unions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3104.7s	3104.7	 And we do need structural reform. And we can't just give up one of the only cards we have,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3109.6s	3109.6	 which would be trading reform on prop 13. And Zuck doesn't already need commercial real estate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3115.5s	3115.5	 Yeah, well, even if so, I would venture to guess that maybe Saks does. I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3121.4s	3121.4	 I mean, hold on. Let me, I do. But let me explain that this doesn't affect me because my cost basis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3127.1s	3127.1	 is fresh. Yeah. All the commercial real estate that I've bought in California has been the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3131.6s	3131.6	 few years is probably underwater. I mean, it's certainly not above my cost basis. So it doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3137.3s	3137.3	 affect me. It affects the little guy. It affects the small business who's owned their property for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3142.4s	3142.4	 10 or 20 years. And again, I'm not arguing that we couldn't come up with a better tax system.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3147.5s	3147.5	 But what I'm saying is the bigger, more pressing need is structural reform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3151.2s	3151.2	 Totally. No, I mean, I totally agree. The bloated monster of socialism is coming for us. And it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3155.8s	3155.8	 starts with the unions and it evolves and it's just average salary. I don't know if you saw this go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3160.2s	3160.2	 viral in the last couple of weeks on Twitter. Average average salary in San Francisco, $170,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3167.2s	3167.2	 for a city of tech workers, city employees. Yeah. I'm saying employees. I started like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3172.2s	3172.2	 170,000 was the average salary. I was like, Oh wow. Tech people are doing good. It was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3176.5s	3176.5	 no, no, no, that's the city employees. 19,000 administrative employees in the city of San
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3180.8s	3180.8	 Francisco, city of 800,000 people, 800,000 people with a $14 billion budget.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3188.0s	3188.0	 The state of California is converting the entire middle class into government workers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3192.1s	3192.1	 because if you're a small business owner, you're getting squeezed by more and more taxes. You're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3195.8s	3195.8	 getting driven out of the state. People leaving the state now exceeds people immigrating into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3199.8s	3199.8	 state. So the private sector middle class is leaving and this public sector middle class of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3206.5s	3206.5	 government workers is being created. And like I mentioned, it's not getting us more cops on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3211.4s	3211.4	 beat. It's not getting us more teachers in the classroom. What it's getting is a giant number of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3215.2s	3215.2	 overpaid administrators and bureaucrats. That is the big structural problem. The private sector
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3221.7s	3221.7	 unions are very different. You see when a private sector union goes to negotiate, they go negotiate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3226.6s	3226.6	 against ownership or management and there's someone to oppose their unreasonable demands,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3230.9s	3230.9	 not all their demands are reasonable, but just the most unreasonable demands. But with the public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3235.0s	3235.0	 sector unions, they're negotiating against the politicians and they are the largest contributors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3239.2s	3239.2	 to those politicians. And so there's no one- And the politicians need them for their votes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3242.6s	3242.6	 right? They're like, they're going to deliver whatever number of teachers, police officers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3247.1s	3247.1	 Exactly. The unions feed the politicians, the politicians feed the unions. That is a structural
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3251.7s	3251.7	 problem. And these unions will, the unions will never be a piece. You can never buy them off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3258.9s	3258.9	 It's why democracy always ends in the state. Like it's just an inevitable outcome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3265.2s	3265.2	 I had no idea about any of this until I'm glad I asked you about that tweet. That's really,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3270.8s	3270.8	 I actually learned a lot just in that last little bit. I have one other thing I want to ask you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3276.0s	3276.0	 about, which is the Amy Coney Barrett confirmation hearings, whether you guys have watched them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3281.4s	3281.4	 and what you guys think. And I don't know whether these are just cherry-picked clips or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3289.5s	3289.5	 whether she's playing dumb or I really don't want to judge because I want to know more,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3294.0s	3294.0	 but I just want to know what you guys think of going into this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3299.4s	3299.4	 I'll say something about climate change because look, I spent a lot of time looking at data and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3305.8s	3305.8	 research on climate change and certainly feel strongly that there's a human-caused function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3312.6s	3312.6	 of global warming that we're actively kind of experiencing. But I think everyone kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3319.1s	3319.1	 assumes you have to take that as truth. I think one of the key points of science is you have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3324.7s	3324.7	 recognize your ignorance and you have to recognize that science is kind of an evolving process of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3330.6s	3330.6	 discovery and understanding. And she's getting a lot of heat for what she said about, I'm not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3336.5s	3336.5	 scientist, I don't know how to opine on climate change. And I heard that and actually gave me a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3341.8s	3341.8	 bit of pause that this is exactly what I would expect someone who's thoughtful to say, not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3349.0s	3349.0	 someone that's trying to act ignorant and play to the right. She didn't say, I don't think climate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3354.0s	3354.0	 change is being caused by humans. And I think everyone kind of wants to jump on her. It's like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3358.2s	3358.2	 become religion. I just want to point out that climate change has become as politicized and as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3363.0s	3363.0	 dogmatic as all these other topics we talk about. And we all kind of assume that if you do or don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3367.4s	3367.4	 believe in climate change, you're left or right, you're evil, you're good. And I think it's very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3373.0s	3373.0	 easy to kind of just go into those hearings and assume that. But I wouldn't say that her answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3378.2s	3378.2	 necessarily made me think that she is ignoring facts and ignoring the truth. I think she's kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3382.9s	3382.9	 of pointing out that this is a process of science and there's a lot of discovery underway. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3387.4s	3387.4	 I don't know. I mean, that was one point that, a controversial point that I thought I should make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3392.1s	3392.1	 because I am a believer. I do think that climate change is real. I do think the data and science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3396.2s	3396.2	 supports it, but I do appreciate that someone recognizes that they may not have the skills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3400.2s	3400.2	 Yeah, the few clips-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3401.0s	3401.0	 Rather than just assume what the media tells them to believe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3403.9s	3403.9	 Yeah, the few clips that I saw of the confirmation hearing, my takeaway was basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3409.9s	3409.9	 any candidate on the left or the right comes in extremely well-coached and they're taught
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3415.1s	3415.1	 basically how to evade, meaning there's a go-to answer. Amy Coney Barrett's go-to answer was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3420.6s	3420.6	 listen, as a judge, I'd have to hear that case on the record. I can't opine on something,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3425.0s	3425.0	 hypothetically. She had this very well-rehearsed answer and a lot of the answers to the questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3431.0s	3431.0	 from the left were that. And the questions on the right were more softballish. So I couldn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3438.9s	3438.9	 really get a sense of it. Now, the thing that I take kind of a lot of comfort in is that when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3444.7s	3444.7	 we saw John Roberts get confirmed to the court, it was supposed to be 5-4 conservative with John
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3451.0s	3451.0	 Roberts. And basically what we learned was now John Roberts and some critical decisions, he is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3457.3s	3457.3	 willing to basically make sure that things don't change that much, including Obamacare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3464.2s	3464.2	 Yeah, exactly. You don't know exactly how they're going to vote on these issues. You really don't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3468.6s	3468.6	 Roberts was the deciding vote in upholding Obamacare. Gorsuch extended gay rights well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3475.9s	3475.9	 beyond anything Anthony Kennedy ever did. That was a big surprise. And so we don't really know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3480.5s	3480.5	 exactly how she's going to vote. The reason why Amy Coney Barrett rocked into the top of Trump's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3486.6s	3486.6	 list, quite frankly, is because of how Dianne Feinstein treated her three years ago in the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3491.2s	3491.2	 confirmation hearings, where Feinstein attacked her Catholicism. And it was so ham-handed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3498.2s	3498.2	 it was so poorly done that it made Barrett a hero instantly on the right, and it rocketed her to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3503.6s	3503.6	 top of this list. But we don't know how she's going to vote based on her Catholicism, you know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3508.9s	3508.9	 Which is a feature, isn't it, David? Because the lifetime appointment means they, like tenure,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3514.9s	3514.9	 they can go with what they think is right. So that is kind of a good feature of the Supreme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3519.8s	3519.8	 Court. Do you think this should be like a term? Well, I think it's a little crazy that decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3526.2s	3526.2	 as important as the right to choice or something like that hangs on whether an 89-year-old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3536.5s	3536.5	 cancer victim can hold on for three more months. You know, it seems very arbitrary to me, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3541.8s	3541.8	 therefore these Supreme Court battles become very heated and toxic. And there's been a recent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3550.5s	3550.5	 proposal by Democrats that I would support, which basically says, listen, we should have an 18-year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3554.8s	3554.8	 term for Supreme Court justices. That's long enough. And each president should get two nominees,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3560.5s	3560.5	 like one in the first year and then one in the third year. And so you basically have one justice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3564.9s	3564.9	 rolling off every two years and one coming on. And so you have nine justices. And so every two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3570.2s	3570.2	 years adds up to 18 years. That proposal makes a ton of sense to me. And so, you know, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3576.2s	3576.2	 that when you vote for a president, they're going to get two Supreme Court picks. That feels less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3581.1s	3581.1	 chaotic than this. That would be a much better system. That's a great idea. That's a great idea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3585.8s	3585.8	 Yeah. That's a great idea. I think it's a fabulous idea. I took solace in the fact that when they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3590.7s	3590.7	 asked her what's protected in the First Amendment, she couldn't name all five things that I could.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3597.1s	3597.1	 I was like, what about protest? Did you miss that one? And I thought that was like a, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3600.7s	3600.7	 it's a gotcha moment, obviously, and it's not easy to be under that kind of scrutiny. And obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3605.5s	3605.5	 Justice J. Cal. Well, I just thought that was like, it's also like pretty interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3614.4s	3614.4	 I think they, I think they, I think they invented the word danger. I think they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3617.8s	3617.8	 invented the word unconfirmable for J. Cal. You got a right to have your own pistola,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3622.8s	3622.8	 but you shouldn't have a shotgun. Boys. Friedberg, Friedberg has a hard stop at three.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3629.4s	3629.4	 The, the, uh, the fact that she left that protest, I do think let's, let's just end on the election.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3635.4s	3635.4	 And our little handicapping of what's going to happen and getting out of this mess. I do think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3641.5s	3641.5	 one of the stories coming out of this is going to be, uh, female voters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3646.0s	3646.0	 I have the sense and I know it's anecdotal that Trump has just alienated and pissed off so many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3652.1s	3652.1	 women and that the threat of the Supreme Court thing and with, uh, RGB dying, uh, this has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3662.6s	3662.6	 made women feel so under appreciated and attacked, especially with Trump. Um, uh, you know, in terms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3673.0s	3673.0	 of how he treats women and things he says about women. And then you had the constant interruption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3678.4s	3678.4	 by a Pence of the moderator and Kamala. Like, I think all of this is going to add up. And we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3685.0s	3685.0	 do the post-mortem on this losing all these women as voters is going to be, and, and as well as, uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3691.9s	3691.9	 the black vote and people of color, this is going to be a big part of it. So I think that Trump's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3697.8s	3697.8	 going to lose and it's going to be a landslide. What a roundabout way to say the same thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3703.7s	3703.7	 You've been saying for four months. Oh my God. I don't know. Listen, I, I don't know. Uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3711.1s	3711.1	 I think Biden is, uh, is, is on the path to an enormous victory right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3716.4s	3716.4	 Well, that's what the polls, that's what the poll say. Certainly is that it looks like a buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3720.0s	3720.0	 landslide. I, um, and I guess that makes sense. I think Trump's running out of time to change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3726.2s	3726.2	 the polls. Um, every day that goes by, he's basically got like 19 outs or 18 days. He's got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3731.8s	3731.8	 18 outs every day that goes by where he isn't able to move the poll number. He loses an out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3736.3s	3736.3	 Right. And so we're going to get closer to election day. He's only going to have like a three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3739.8s	3739.8	 outer or something. Um, so yeah, I, I mean, look, obviously I understand the polls. I still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3745.4s	3745.4	 somehow think, I know it sounds kind of weird, but I'm just not sure Americans are ready for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3750.0s	3750.0	 this reality show to end. I mean, we know it's jumped the shark, okay. But the Kardashians,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3755.4s	3755.4	 the Kardashians lasted for 19 seasons. I just don't know if America's ready for the Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3760.7s	3760.7	 reality show. I think part of the appeal of Trump last time around was the, the message of change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3767.4s	3767.4	 and he's not delivering a message of change anymore. And I think that's where he's kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3771.2s	3771.2	 lost the narrative. Um, and, uh, the excitement of building a wall and changing everything and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3776.4s	3776.4	 draining the swamp. Like he's just like, keep draining the swamp or keep building the wall.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3781.2s	3781.2	 And, uh, people don't love that. He's also, um, he also, I think it's coming across as not being,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3788.6s	3788.6	 he's looking weak by not being willing to be challenged. And that came across clearly in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3792.2s	3792.2	 that debate. Last time around, he got on stage and he just knocked everyone down, but by not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3797.6s	3797.6	 letting Biden talk, by not kind of engaging on any of the topics, he looks just, um,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3802.8s	3802.8	 he looks like he just doesn't want to, uh, have a shot at it and it just comes across as bad. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3807.4s	3807.4	 I don't know. These are all contributing factors, I think, to what's going on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3810.0s	3810.0	 S, chances of a pardon by Pence. He resigns, he pardons himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3816.1s	3816.1	 Pence, zero, zero, zero, you go to, he won't resign.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3821.3s	3821.3	 Um, well, uh, we wouldn't see that unless he lost the election. If he loses during the lame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3828.2s	3828.2	 duck period, he lost maybe 20%. 20%. Yeah. Because at that point he's got nothing to lose. Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3834.9s	3834.9	 Right. I think it's, I think it's like, uh, I think it's 50 50. He just goes for the full
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3839.6s	3839.6	 family pardon. Uh, all right. Love you guys. I gotta go. I love you guys. And, uh, hopefully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_b-MtCrDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=133&t=3847.0s	3847.0	 we'll have a bestie poker soon. Yay. Talk to you guys later. Bye.
