https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=0.0s	0.0	 Jake out. Do you have intros today? No, I don't have time for intros. Oh, come on. All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4.6s	4.6	 right. Fine. He started as a nerd with no followers on Twitter. Now he's a nerd that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=8.5s	8.5	 gets recognized when leaving the shitter. He turned water into wine. He just wants to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=12.4s	12.4	 please us. Now he's a mixture of Kermit the Frog and a science nerd Jesus. He's the man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=17.4s	17.4	 with the stands, the queen of Kinwa, the sultan of science, the prince of Prozac, the lord
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=21.7s	21.7	 of Lexapro. He gets stops for selfies all over town. My producer fee gave him a mental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=27.5s	27.5	 breakdown. The sultan of Zoloft, Mr. David Rieberg. It's true. It did give me a breakdown.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=32.4s	32.4	 It did. But you're over it now. You just name dropped three SSRIs in that intro is incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=37.3s	37.3	 Well, I talked to his I talked to his psychiatrist. He said he's working on the cocktail. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=41.5s	41.5	 save some for me. Oh, you speaking of you. He's got a very quick wit and impeccable grammar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=49.2s	49.2	 known for building beautiful products that don't work. Oh, my God. Like Colin and Yammer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=53.6s	53.6	 He used to invest in SAS quite a lot. Now he's fighting a brigade of Ukraine bots. He's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=59.0s	59.0	 spending so much time in his bunker. It's starting to get smelly. We see him only three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=63.2s	63.2	 times a week. All in Tucker and Megyn Kelly. He'd invest in your startup if you had the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=67.9s	67.9	 knack. But right now he needs that cash for his GOP super pack. The world's biggest asshole,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=73.6s	73.6	 the Rain Man himself, Mr. David Sacks. That's a repeat joke. That's not I know, but it kills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=81.1s	81.1	 every time. So I'm going to keep repeating it until you stop laughing. His wardrobe costs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=85.8s	85.8	 so much he can't get into a scuffle. He bought all his friends with his white truffles. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=90.4s	90.4	 scaled Facebook to a billy that wine collection. It's just fucking silly. He's on the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=95.2s	95.2	 tour meeting with princes and kings. Is he talking luxury sweaters or maybe bigger things?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=100.6s	100.6	 The dictator himself, Chamath Pali Happiteer. That was really nice, actually. Well, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=106.1s	106.1	 I appreciate you. You were obviously trying to get invited to dinner tonight. I'm trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=109.9s	109.9	 to get off the alternate list. He's trying to get off the alternate. The email was harsh.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=114.4s	114.4	 Nine was alternate. You troll me. I know I have a seat. As for me, I'm the world's greatest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=119.9s	119.9	 moderator who can take a note. Compared to these guys, I'm just a millionaire who's broke.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=124.1s	124.1	 The All in Summit almost killed us. But we came back from debt store. I knew we peaked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=128.8s	128.8	 when Freeberg took over the dance floor. We love the fans, but we love each other more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=133.9s	133.9	 Thanks for the first 100 fellas. Here's to 100 more. Really good. Wow. That's really,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=139.3s	139.3	 good. Look at you touching it. Surprisingly, you became prepared today. First time. After
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=145.9s	145.9	 100 episodes, he finally figured out he has to prepare. That was the note. Just prepare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=150.9s	150.9	 Just do your job. Do your job. Do your job. Do your unremunerated job. Do your job. Speaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=159.1s	159.1	 of unremunerated, we heard that somebody's grifting off the pod. Oh, yeah. So good point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=164.7s	164.7	 What we heard, Saks, is that you got a big care package for Montclair. Yeah, that's true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=171.3s	171.3	 What? What I think we're all going to declare today is that we all want to wet our beak.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=175.7s	175.7	 And if Montclair sends each of us a care package, we will all wear Montclair gear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=180.9s	180.9	 at episode 101. Montclair's my brand. Go get your own brand. Yeah, we decided to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=185.8s	185.8	 Jamass got Laura Piano. I got Montclair. You go get like, you know, IZOD or something. I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=191.3s	191.3	 IZOD. IZOD. Actually, I got IZOD too. You're going to have to do... I have Uniqlo. I got Uniqlo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=198.2s	198.2	 We got Gap Kids for J Cal. Saks, you didn't declare your Montclair gift package by the way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=204.0s	204.0	 No, I did. So you're right. That was the discovery we made this weekend. So I want to thank the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=208.3s	208.3	 folks at... There's a company called F*** and they sent me this gift. Actually, this hoodie,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=215.5s	215.5	 this Montclair hoodie, which I'd never seen before. What is this plug you... They send you a hoodie for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=220.5s	220.5	 $1,200 and they get a $50,000 ad slot? There were several other things that... I'll bring you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=225.1s	225.1	 each a shirt from Montclair. Oh, we get the shirt? Shirt? Yeah. These guys are getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=231.4s	231.4	 hundreds of thousands of dollars of revenue. Wow, Saks is the grifter now. Yeah. How bad is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=236.3s	236.3	 your portfolio that you're grifting? Did you put this Montclair stuff onto like eBay after you got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=241.4s	241.4	 it? I was already wearing it and they sent me more. So I'm going to wear... This hoodie is pretty cool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=245.9s	245.9	 What can I say? First stock hits three cents and all of a sudden you're grifting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=250.5s	250.5	 Just for everyone listening, I'm looking for a wardrobe upgrade. Too soon? Okay. Just send my package to my office.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=255.9s	255.9	 Let me tell you something. There's no upgrade that's going to help. Freeberg, I think you're f***ed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=259.5s	259.5	 No, I'm going to bring you guys Montclair shirts to the poker game tonight. Gee, thanks, Saks. Appreciate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=263.7s	263.7	 that. How did you guys even find out that he got this gift? We were at his Fleet Week party and there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=269.4s	269.4	 was a Blue Angels party and there was someone there who started telling me, like, did you hear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=276.0s	276.0	 that Saks got this whole thing? Oh, somebody... There's a rat? There was a rat. I'm not telling you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=280.1s	280.1	 Oh, there's a rat. He's got a mole. We were talking about the podcast. We were talking about Saks's hat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=285.6s	285.6	 100%. It was Woolway. 100%. No, no, it wasn't Woolway. 100%. Was it Jeff? One of my friends was in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=293.9s	293.9	 man cave and he saw this like care package from Montclair and he really admired this like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=298.7s	298.7	 jacket. It was like a puffer jacket, but with like wool sleeves or something. Oh, so you gave it to him?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=304.0s	304.0	 And I gave it to him. He liked it so much. I'm like, here, you take it. He's not even on the pod. He's not even on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=309.5s	309.5	 pod. Give it to producer Nick. So he was walking around with it and he was really appreciative. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=314.5s	314.5	 maybe he said something or what? I can't believe this. The grift is crazy. Let's just say there was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=319.7s	319.7	 lot of conversations going on about your care package, Saks. Well, and it makes us wonder, Saks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=324.9s	324.9	 Are there other care packages that have come in and like... Or Chamath? Have you been promoting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=329.0s	329.0	 other stuff on here? So who makes the couch behind you? Some political magazines that you wouldn't want to read.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=332.6s	332.6	 How much of your Loro Piano have you actually paid for over the past year? That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=336.8s	336.8	 a good question here. 100%. I would never accept it for free. Oh, it's important. Look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=344.2s	344.2	 wait, no, all joking aside, it's hard if you're running a clothing business, especially if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=349.4s	349.4	 like a small niche provider of stuff. So, you know, you have a responsibility to pay for this stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=353.9s	353.9	 not to grift and get it for free. No, I know. When I was at the Loro Piano store on 57th Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=358.4s	358.4	 in Manhattan, the 18,000 square foot store, I was thinking the same thing. These poor people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=362.9s	362.9	 how do they survive? Well, Loro Piano is only 270 square foot rent. How are they making it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=369.3s	369.3	 These poor purveyors, Friedberg. Exploiting poor baby goats. Well, whatever. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=374.9s	374.9	 the fact is the market's down. There's going to be a little grifting on the margins. It's understandable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=388.4s	388.4	 We open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=395.8s	395.8	 Friedberg, he loves to produce every 17th episode. He does a great job. Oh, no, I like to prepare,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=401.5s	401.5	 or at least know what the heck we're going to talk about when we get together. And here are some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=404.6s	404.6	 prompts. He got these prompts because... Our paid producer not doing his job. Yeah. Go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=408.2s	408.2	 Paying producer. Oh, God. All right. So first up on Friedberg's curiousness. This is...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=414.9s	414.9	 Friedberg. This is how you're going to do it. Let's skip ahead to the next section. Come on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=418.5s	418.5	 No, no, no. Okay. So... Go, go, go. Why do you think Chamath people love the podcast? Why do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=424.6s	424.6	 you think they listen? Why do you think they love it? What is the phenomenon? What lightning has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=429.8s	429.8	 been captured in this bottle? First is I think that they appreciate our friendship. It's kind of like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=435.3s	435.3	 odd and quirky. And I think a lot of, you know, it maps to like relationships that they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=443.0s	443.0	 amongst their own friends. So that's what makes it relatable. But the second is that all of us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=448.3s	448.3	 uniquely have a point of view about stuff that matters more and more in the world. I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=455.4s	455.4	 just the basics of it. Like, it's not like technology is going away. And it's not like its impact in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=460.5s	460.5	 world is going away. And the more it becomes mainstream, the more it's important for a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=465.1s	465.1	 folks to understand what's happening. And I think we provide a pretty unfiltered view of it. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=472.2s	472.2	 we do it where, and this is a lot of credit to Sachs, more than anyone else on the show,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=477.8s	477.8	 has to take a counterpoint and steel man what would otherwise be controversial views. And if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=483.3s	483.3	 he didn't have his three friends around him, that would make the pod meaningfully worse, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=488.8s	488.8	 Can you explain for people who don't know what steel manning is, what that means?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=492.1s	492.1	 Well, just it just means like to have intellectual honesty around a point of view,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=496.6s	496.6	 and actually put your best foot forward and trying to explain it, even when it's not orthodox,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=500.5s	500.5	 even when it's not what the mainstream would say is right. And so what it actually does is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=506.1s	506.1	 creates a contrast against every other alternative that you have to learn about things, which you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=511.7s	511.7	 find incrementally is biased. And I think that's what we've gotten right. We are four friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=519.3s	519.3	 that have a reasonable point of view rooted in some amount of success. And I think that that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=523.3s	523.3	 important because it gives us credibility. And we take all sides of issues. Yeah. And oftentimes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=529.9s	529.9	 it is not the obvious, simple, reductive answer. And I think that that's where it really shines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=538.2s	538.2	 Just so people know about the steel man arguments, want to make sure people are crowded.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=541.3s	541.3	 I think most people refer to it as the act of presenting the other argument in the strongest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=546.4s	546.4	 way possible to be intellectually honest, like the opposite of the strong man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=549.7s	549.7	 Exactly. Because the way the debate happens on Twitter and so forth is it's almost like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=556.9s	556.9	 intellectual debate is being attacked using opposition research tactics, like it were a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=562.9s	562.9	 political campaign. So in other words, they go back through anything you might have said or written,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=567.6s	567.6	 take the thing that was most wrong or least justifiable or the thing they can even just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=572.5s	572.5	 take out of context. And then they'll try to make it about that as opposed to the argument you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=578.2s	578.2	 actually making. And we just see this tactic over and over again. And it's not an intellectually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=584.6s	584.6	 rigorous way of having a debate about something. You don't learn anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=588.9s	588.9	 And deep down inside, you know that it's contrived. And that is the in a nutshell. So it almost in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=595.1s	595.1	 many ways has less to do with how good we are, but frankly, how bad all the alternatives are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=601.3s	601.3	 So even if you wanted to learn about tech, and you go up and you sign up for these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=606.4s	606.4	 newsletters, or if you look at some of these tech sites, they're really terrible. And they have done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=612.3s	612.3	 an increasingly terrible job over the last five years in telling the most important things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=619.3s	619.3	 the truth and everything in between. And so if you can find a source for an hour a week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=626.4s	626.4	 that is trying to tell you how basically the world is going to come together in a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=633.1s	633.1	 integrated multifaceted way. It's not like we're right. And it's not like we know better than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=638.9s	638.9	 other people. In fact, many times a lot of the criticism I get is, how dare you talk about x or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=643.4s	643.4	 how dare you talk about y. Because it makes people who are experts in that field, you know, feel like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=649.3s	649.3	 how dare you come into my realm and even have an opinion on, you know, what Russian politics was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=654.5s	654.5	 like in the 1980s. And those things really annoy these folks, because they feel that those opinions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=660.0s	660.0	 and that knowledge should be cordoned off and held tightly as a secret that only they are allowed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=666.0s	666.0	 talk about into the world. And this is the point where with the internet, all this knowledge is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=671.3s	671.3	 accessible. So the value of that knowledge, in my opinion, is the least it's ever been. It's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=677.1s	677.1	 interpretation that's valuable. And it's the ability to actually like think narratively around how all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=682.1s	682.1	 these things connect. And this is where I give a lot of credit. I think you guys do an incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=686.1s	686.1	 job. I think the way Friedbrook thinks is super unique. I think the way that Saxe thinks is unique.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=691.2s	691.2	 I think J Cal, your courage to basically fight back is very special. All of it together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=697.7s	697.7	 is a really unique recipe. It works. And what I will tell you consistently is the number of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=704.9s	704.9	 that listen to this of import and influence. I am constantly shocked. And if you are not sure of it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=712.5s	712.5	 you need to get out of this stupid little echo chamber of Silicon Valley, go to New York,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=716.5s	716.5	 go around the world. And if you're in the right meetings, it's incredible how folks are getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=720.6s	720.6	 educated using this pod. And I think that's really amazing. Yeah, I think there's been a tendency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=727.9s	727.9	 in what we call media today, historically communication amongst humans. It was very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=735.7s	735.7	 slow for a communication cycle to go from beginning to end to close because we had print and books and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=742.1s	742.1	 then telegraphs and then telephones and then television and radio. And the internet, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=747.3s	747.3	 has really changed the loop cycle to the point that a story iterates and proliferates very quickly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=756.3s	756.3	 And a lot of people talk about the news cycle being very short nowadays. And what that means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=761.3s	761.3	 is that there is a group think approach to resolving to a point of view on what the news is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=768.3s	768.3	 So the news comes out, everyone iterates on it, they form their point of view, and all of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=772.9s	772.9	 everyone's on the same point of view. And so there is no room for dissent or debate or discussion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=778.0s	778.0	 because the cycle closes so quickly and everyone coalesces around the same point of view.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=782.8s	782.8	 And nowadays, I think we see not just that unipolar behavior, but we see this bipolar behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=788.8s	788.8	 where everyone coalesces on their point of view and how their point of view is the opposite of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=794.8s	794.8	 other side. And everyone has their own heuristic for what the other side is. There's this populism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=800.1s	800.1	 versus elitism siding, there's this red versus blue siding, there's this us versus them siding,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=806.9s	806.9	 US versus China siding, everything is now bipolar. And so you very quickly coalesce around what your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=813.2s	813.2	 poll says and what your poll is instructing you to believe. And that is what is fundamentally wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=819.5s	819.5	 with how the system is working today. And I think what people find refreshing about a discourse that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=825.1s	825.1	 doesn't succumb to that bipolarity as a standard is that it provides people the ability to have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=833.4s	833.4	 real rational, out of sync point of view that maybe changes one's point of view and changes one's mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=839.1s	839.1	 in a meaningful way. And I think that's what's really missing today. And I think maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=843.0s	843.0	 sometimes we do a good job and we touch on that. And so that's what I would strive to do is to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=847.5s	847.5	 always try and avoid that bipolarity on everything. You know, the Zen Buddhists call it dualistic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=854.1s	854.1	 thinking. You know, the human brain and generally the universe seems to evolve into this kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=859.4s	859.4	 dualism on everything. And it's not really always the case that there are shades of gray, that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=865.7s	865.7	 is nuance, that there is a complex dimensionality to things that I think people really, if they take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=871.6s	871.6	 the time to understand, recognize that maybe it's not left and right, maybe it's not elite and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=875.2s	875.2	 populism, maybe it's not all black and white. And that's an important, hopefully framing that maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=880.9s	880.9	 we can bring to light through our diagnosis of what's going on in things right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=886.1s	886.1	 Yeah, I'd like to add to that. I think there's a ton of great journalism going out there. We see it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=890.8s	890.8	 There's a ton of great sub stacks out there. People go deep. There's other great podcasts out there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=894.6s	894.6	 And right now it's a tumultuous time for media journalism and getting information. And do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=900.5s	900.5	 what trust, what sources do we actually trust? Who actually is thinking in a crisp way and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=906.5s	906.5	 informing people and, you know, having been a former journalist, when we were journalists,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=911.3s	911.3	 we knew that we would get 10, 20, 30, 40% of a story, we would publish it, and we would try
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=916.5s	916.5	 our best. But journalism has changed dramatically in the last 20 years. And I can tell you-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=923.1s	923.1	 Journalism is dead. Sorry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=924.7s	924.7	 Okay. Well, there's still some great journalism occurring. It's on the margins.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=928.6s	928.6	 It's irrelevant. And I'll tell you why. Because the facts are known instantaneously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=933.3s	933.3	 on Twitter and through the internet. We don't need people to relay facts. We need people to wrap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=937.5s	937.5	 facts in context and allow us to come to our own conclusions. That's why I think journalism isn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=942.8s	942.8	 what it used to be. That's why people who are historically journalists struggle because now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=948.1s	948.1	 they actually have to create context and narrative and have an opinion. But when you publish that into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=952.5s	952.5	 the Wall Street Journal or the New York Times, it becomes very confusing. They don't know that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=956.9s	956.9	 that's what they were supposed to do. That's not what they used to do. That's not how Pulitzer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=960.9s	960.9	 Prizes were historically given out. And that's why everybody then, you know, rants and-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=965.4s	965.4	 Well, that's where I was kind of going is, you know, if you look at it as journalists,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=970.5s	970.5	 people don't know this, but journalists are being compensated. Their little salaries, in many cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=974.8s	974.8	 are based on their follower counts. They're based on what audience they're bringing to the table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=979.0s	979.0	 And you see this in Substack. Substack just said, we're going to hire the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=982.8s	982.8	 journalists who have the most followers on Twitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=985.3s	985.3	 But you have to change the word so that you change how people think about it. These people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=988.5s	988.5	 are not journalists. These people are opinion makers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=991.1s	991.1	 Okay. In some cases, they're doing journalism. In some cases, they're staying. No, no, there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=995.1s	995.1	 some cases where they're actually doing real journalism, Chamath. There are people doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=997.9s	997.9	 investigative reporting still. It's not the majority of what you see, but it still exists.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1002.2s	1002.2	 It's just a very much smaller percentage. But putting that aside, if you think about-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1006.6s	1006.6	 But you can't wrap a virtuous blanket around every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1010.0s	1010.0	 a thousand people because of the acts of one. I'm not, and I'm not. I said there's a range
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1015.3s	1015.3	 here. It's a small percentage, but there's still random acts of great journalism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1018.7s	1018.7	 What do you think that percentage is?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1019.8s	1019.8	 Of content creation, I put it at 5%. So, one out of 20.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1023.4s	1023.4	 I'm shocked. I think it's less than 1%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1026.2s	1026.2	 But let me just finish this one thought here. If you are going to be hired and compensated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1033.3s	1033.3	 and we talk about systems here a lot. So just thinking from first principles,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1036.3s	1036.3	 if you're a journalist, if you're a writer, opinion writer, whatever, you produce content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1039.9s	1039.9	 for Wall Street Journal, for podcasts, etc. Today, let this sink in. Your follower account
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1046.9s	1046.9	 is what your book advance is. It's what your compensation is. It's who hires you. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1052.5s	1052.5	 if that's the truth, and it's not all the time, but I think the majority of time-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1055.4s	1055.4	 Which is a proof point that your job is not to relay facts. We can get facts from a thousand sources.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1059.1s	1059.1	 Exactly. That's right. Let me finish my thought here. And so then what happens is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1062.4s	1062.4	 how is follower account on Twitter actually derived? How do you get that follower account?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1067.2s	1067.2	 By being tribal. And so what's happened is journalists have became tribal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1071.0s	1071.0	 they get big followings, they give spicy takes, they pick a side, and then their compensation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1075.6s	1075.6	 follows it. And that's why New York Times said, Can we all stop on Twitter? And they literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1079.3s	1079.3	 put an edict out. Then you look at this podcast, I think people look at us as, you know, in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1085.1s	1085.1	 mixture, podcasting long form, taking the time week after week to spend 90 minutes chopping these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1090.6s	1090.6	 things up. I think that's what to the original question, Freeburg you had is what people find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1094.8s	1094.8	 so great. When people ask me, I say it's really about the fact that there's a friendship here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1100.2s	1100.2	 and it's funny, but it's also informative, and it's insightful. And at times, as you pointed out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1104.5s	1104.5	 your mouth, you know, random acts of bravery and taking positions that are not popular.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1110.0s	1110.0	 And to think that you and Freeburg almost blew this up over a few hundred K.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1115.3s	1115.3	 I didn't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1116.4s	1116.4	 Oh, yeah. No, the two of you equally should share point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1118.2s	1118.2	 I wouldn't classify it that way. By the way, I think-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1120.9s	1120.9	 Here we go. Now the bad feelings are ready. Get spicy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1123.8s	1123.8	 Just to- I have more of an ethical framework, but yeah, that's fine. Go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1128.4s	1128.4	 Oh, even worse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1132.1s	1132.1	 Look at your moths stirring the pot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1133.7s	1133.7	 Just to chime in on this point, I mean, I think I'm in violent agreement with you guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1136.9s	1136.9	 but I'd frame it a little differently. I think the reason why people seek out our podcasts and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1142.1s	1142.1	 other podcasts and substacks is, and sort of this kind of independent journalism and are willing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1148.1s	1148.1	 pay for it, is because the mainstream media has become totally devoid of substance. It's as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1155.9s	1155.9	 partisan and ideologized as it's ever been. Reporters are extremely ideological. You look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1162.2s	1162.2	 at the New York Times, the Washington Post, the major television networks. It's all kind of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1167.3s	1167.3	 same thing. And yeah, there is like, you know, a little bit of an echo chamber problem in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1171.8s	1171.8	 the partisan politics, but the mainstream media is the most ideologized it's ever been. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1177.4s	1177.4	 just to give you one small example that we talked about in the pod, we had two quarters of negative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1183.2s	1183.2	 GDP growth, which the media is always considered to be the definition of recession. And then all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1187.5s	1187.5	 a sudden they said, no, we can't know what a recession is anymore because they know that'd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1191.0s	1191.0	 be a horrible headline for Biden right before the midterm elections. That's more of a partisan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1194.7s	1194.7	 version. I think on the, you know, a more ideological version would be just around this Ukraine war. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1200.6s	1200.6	 mean, it's just incredible how biased the coverage is. They don't even present the other side of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1207.3s	1207.3	 story. Like this called the Mearsheimer take about how we got to this point that we're in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1212.6s	1212.6	 So the American people just aren't being informed at all. I, you know, we, we, we love to talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1217.3s	1217.3	 how the people of all these other countries are being propagandized by their governments. We never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1221.7s	1221.7	 talk about how propagandized the American people are. The media does not present the other side of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1226.4s	1226.4	 the story at all on how we got into the Ukraine war and how we're now at the brink of what Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1233.2s	1233.2	 calls Armageddon. Yeah. So how are we going to get out of it? How are we going to get out of it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1237.6s	1237.6	 Any topic, by the way, I just said that was my punch. I guess so many topics that we see,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1244.3s	1244.3	 you know, effectively short form and short form, meaning it can be presented in a sound bite or on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1249.3s	1249.3	 a tick tock clip or in a couple of paragraphs where someone's attention span before someone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1254.5s	1254.5	 has attention span lapses out always misses the dimensionality that got us to that point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1260.4s	1260.4	 And so there's one perspective, one point of view on one dimension and the dimension like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1265.8s	1265.8	 Sachs is talking about, about the time and the history of the dynamics of all the countries and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1270.9s	1270.9	 all the people and all the interactions that have happened for the past couple of decades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1275.3s	1275.3	 that led up to this moment. But then this moment is taken in its context alone and reclassified
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1281.7s	1281.7	 as being something that is good versus evil. It completely misses the entire storyline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1287.3s	1287.3	 of what happened. It's like going to the end of a fairy tale and saying, here's this moment of what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1291.9s	1291.9	 happened. And all the buildup and all the things that occurred are often missing and all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1295.8s	1295.8	 different sides of the story are missing. And I think that that's really what makes it so difficult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1300.6s	1300.6	 today to feel like you can trust authority and that you can trust the media that's presented to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1306.5s	1306.5	 you as a consumer, not just in the U.S. or in the West, but around the world, because there's so much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1311.8s	1311.8	 that's left out and manipulated and kept away. And what people are waking up to is the fact as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1317.0s	1317.0	 Chamath points out, that so much of that information, the direct information is available now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1323.2s	1323.2	 And so this investigation, this ability to uncover the data and the storylines and the perspectives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1330.0s	1330.0	 that are typically missing from one form of media is making people realize that there's so much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1334.6s	1334.6	 that's being left out. The lie of the mission. 100%. 100%. And I think in this podcast-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1339.3s	1339.3	 And that's what's really shocking to people nowadays. And I think that's what makes maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1343.1s	1343.1	 to some degree our conversation is a little more appealing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1345.5s	1345.5	 Hold on. I'll drop to you in a second there, Sax. But I did see this happen in three specific topics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1351.0s	1351.0	 that we discussed here. If you remember, we talked about abortion and we were on that topic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1355.4s	1355.4	 very early and no one wanted to talk. I remember when we started talking about the number of weeks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1359.6s	1359.6	 maybe how Europe looks at this, that wasn't part of the popular conversation. It was always just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1364.1s	1364.1	 are you against choice? Are you for killing babies? It was like a very two-dimensional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1369.4s	1369.4	 look at it. Immigration, same thing. Nobody would talk about the numbers. Nobody talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1373.2s	1373.2	 about recruitment. Nobody talked about the point systems used in other countries.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1376.5s	1376.5	 It was almost like those basic things were not allowed to be discussed. Why can't the media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1382.3s	1382.3	 discuss those nuances and freedom of speech is, I think, the biggest one and the search for truth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1388.3s	1388.3	 Nobody wants to talk about the fact that the ACLU used to actually protect unpopular speech.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1393.9s	1393.9	 And unpopular speech is the hardest thing in the world to protect. But how did that become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1398.4s	1398.4	 something we can't even talk about now? And just the snap silencing of any opinion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1404.8s	1404.8	 whether it's Chappelle or, you know, pick a topic in freedom of speech, Trump, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1410.9s	1410.9	 Who gets protection for freedom of speech? And we'll talk about it later in the news with Alex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1414.6s	1414.6	 Jones, obviously a very controversial topic as well. Go ahead, Sax, you wanted to add something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1418.5s	1418.5	 too? Well, I think just to take this Ukraine situation as an example, I think the media's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1423.3s	1423.3	 biggest power is the power to define when time begins on an issue. So, especially if, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1429.7s	1429.7	 like with Ukraine, we're part of an escalatory spiral that's been going on for well more than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1436.9s	1436.9	 eight or nine months. This issue has been going on since 2008. A decade. Yeah, over a decade. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1442.1s	1442.1	 in other words, if you come in in like the seventh inning, okay, so to FreeWorks point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1447.0s	1447.0	 you come in at the end of the story and it's been an escalatory spiral, but the media just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1451.7s	1451.7	 pretends like time begins on February 24th, of course, you're going to have a certain kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1455.8s	1455.8	 of view on the subject. Whereas if you know the history of the situation, if you know that back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1461.9s	1461.9	 in the 1990s, you had people like George Kennan, who was the architect of our Cold War containment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1466.1s	1466.1	 policy, you had William J. Perry, who was Bill Clinton's defense secretary, you had Henry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1471.0s	1471.0	 Kissinger, you had John Mearsheimer, all warned that bringing NATO right up to Russia's front
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1475.7s	1475.7	 porch was extremely provocative to them, that they would see that as a provocation, it would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1480.7s	1480.7	 eventually lead to a moment of crisis. When that moment of crisis finally came, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1486.6s	1486.6	 we're not told that this was predicted. We're told that anyone who says that this war has anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1492.6s	1492.6	 to do with NATO expansion is basically a Putin apologist and is spouting Putin talking points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1497.5s	1497.5	 All right, let's not let's not let's save some of that for the Ukraine talk we're going to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1500.5s	1500.5	 about in the news section. No, but I get your point. You could agree or disagree with that take,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1504.4s	1504.4	 but the point is the media doesn't even portray it. They really just pick a side and they I think I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1509.5s	1509.5	 like your analogy of like just coming in for the last 15 minutes of the game and just describing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1513.7s	1513.7	 that you know, we you need to have a deeper discussion of how did we get here? How did we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1517.3s	1517.3	 get here on immigration? Why don't we have a point system? Why do we look at people suddenly coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1522.1s	1522.1	 from south of the border differently than we did just 20 years ago? How did that become a politicized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1526.5s	1526.5	 issue? What's the right solution here? Especially if we can't hire people for basic jobs in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1531.7s	1531.7	 United States. Everybody wants to know this question, what's your favorite you have a favorite moment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1537.7s	1537.7	 or a least favorite moment, a great moment in the show history and then I guess we'll move on maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1542.7s	1542.7	 to some audience questions here. But let's let's get this one because an embarrassing moment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1547.3s	1547.3	 your favorite moment, your least favorite moment of a moment now you look back on and you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1552.4s	1552.4	 particularly proud of tomorrow. I love the cold opens. I think that they are unbelievably human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1557.6s	1557.6	 and funny and normalizing. They are by far the best part of the pod in my opinion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1567.7s	1567.7	 And yeah, that's my that's my absolute favorite part by by like miles and miles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1573.9s	1573.9	 Ah, it's actually got a favorite moment other than Ukraine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1578.5s	1578.5	 Other than Ukraine. I know you got Ukraine on the brain. Probably when you started talking like Joe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1582.7s	1582.7	 Pesci. The Joe Pesci voice. I can't do it on command. I'm not your monkey, Sax. Don't you talk to me like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1591.1s	1591.1	 that. I'm gonna fucking pat it here. No seriously, you have any other favorite moments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1600.5s	1600.5	 or things you're particularly proud of things that people tell you, you know, hey, I love what do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1605.1s	1605.1	 I love this part of the show. I'm also proud that we we were able to air our dirty laundry a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1609.8s	1609.8	 bit in public and still get over ourselves and our own egos and we're still here. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1615.5s	1615.5	 takes a lot of courage and a little bit of a little bit of maturity that's that's not in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1620.9s	1620.9	 public visibility all the time in the media. I like that sentiment a lot. I think there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1626.4s	1626.4	 lot of pushing. Yeah, they were uncomfortable about it. You know, I think there's a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1630.1s	1630.1	 personal growth that's going on here. For all everybody involved. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1635.3s	1635.3	 A free break. You got a favorite moment other you know, I like it when you and sex fight. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1641.3s	1641.3	 just annoying. That's your least favorite moment. I turn my headphones off and I like do some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1647.3s	1647.3	 emailing. It really is just it really is just this political thing. But yeah, it does come up. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1652.6s	1652.6	 know, I don't like the fact that the moments have been interrupted by you that like that just happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1656.8s	1656.8	 five seconds ago. Like, you know, those are usually pretty tough. Go ahead. I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1663.3s	1663.3	 What I what I did enjoy I did enjoy meeting people at the summit who shared that this has been like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1670.6s	1670.6	 a really important thing for them to listen to. I think I was at a Pete's coffee in the city.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1678.2s	1678.2	 And some guy came up to me this was one early after early when we were doing the podcast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1683.6s	1683.6	 And he was like listening to you guys has really helped me get through COVID. And he was like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1688.1s	1688.1	 locked in his apartment and even have a lot of friends and he didn't have a lot of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1691.9s	1691.9	 to talk with. And just being able to hear through you know, kind of a good conversation around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1697.8s	1697.8	 when's this going to end? How's COVID gonna you know, what's going to change in the city
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1703.3s	1703.3	 and hearing our friendship really made a big difference for him. And it was actually really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1707.7s	1707.7	 interesting. That was off the show. But it made me realize that the show actually is impactful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1712.1s	1712.1	 and helpful and gave me kind of the energy to keep going even though I've had frustrations in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1718.0s	1718.0	 past. So I don't know. I like I like those moments a lot, to be honest. That there's real value here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1724.0s	1724.0	 for people. I also I thought the summit was a lot of fun. I mean, I had a good time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1730.5s	1730.5	 Well, you know, it's I think we're steering towards I think we're steering towards summit 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1736.8s	1736.8	 That was me stirring the pot a little bit. I think we're steering towards 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1740.9s	1740.9	 One and done. One and done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1742.4s	1742.4	 Listen, as far as I'm concerned, you do it, you produce it or you hire a producer, I'll show up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1748.3s	1748.3	 I'm I don't need to make a producer fee. You can do it. You can take the producer fee,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1752.5s	1752.5	 whatever it is. All right, guys, I got a couple of questions here from the audience.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1756.6s	1756.6	 Do you guys see this list? Yeah, we got it. Well, you pick you pick. So here's a question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1762.1s	1762.1	 We got it over email from Nathan. And Nathan said, We know the reasons, the reason you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1769.8s	1769.8	 started the pod. What is the motivation of each bestie to continue doing it every week?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1776.1s	1776.1	 I asked myself that every week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1777.5s	1777.5	 I'm thinking about taking a break, not because I don't like doing it, but it is time consuming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1788.3s	1788.3	 And I do want time to get back to doing some business writing. I was on a pretty good track to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1794.0s	1794.0	 publish a book about SAS. Before we started doing the pod, I had written a lot of business blogs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1798.9s	1798.9	 And well, this is kind of taking a break. What? How many weeks? Because we're 10 weeks. What are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1804.3s	1804.3	 you thinking? Maybe like a month or something? Yeah. Oh, four weeks. You can take that's no big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1809.0s	1809.0	 deal. Maybe. I don't know. Four to ten. All right. There's there's a I've got like a right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1812.8s	1812.8	 Brad Gershner is like doing jumping jacks in his backyard. Put me in the game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1817.0s	1817.0	 Well, we could do that. I mean, I've got like five half written business blogs in my hopper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1821.7s	1821.7	 that I really want to finish. And so I don't know. The show does take a lot of cognitive energy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1827.2s	1827.2	 what you're saying. It takes a lot of those cycles. Does it take a lot of your time each week, Zach?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1830.8s	1830.8	 I mean, as you guys know, the taping is only a couple of hours, but then it's keeping track
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1834.7s	1834.7	 of all the issues. And then, you know, if I'm preparing takes for this pod, I also turn some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1840.0s	1840.0	 of those takes into articles. This is like for Newsweek or the American Conservator, whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1844.9s	1844.9	 And responding and responding and responding and then tweeting takes as I'm coming up with them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1850.4s	1850.4	 That's three days. Which is I think the the load for Saks, because he is the most heterodox,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1857.3s	1857.3	 is the heaviest. And this is like poorly understood. It's easy to just basically be on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1862.2s	1862.2	 side of the current conventional wisdom or to not have an opinion and to talk about things that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1866.5s	1866.5	 orthogonal. But David is consistently the one that wades into the middle of the ocean. And it is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1871.7s	1871.7	 I can, I can understand why you find it exhausting. No, because he, he knows, no, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1877.1s	1877.1	 he has to be more prepared than the rest of us. Yes, because he is more open to the attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1881.2s	1881.2	 from all of these nitwits. It's just this. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1886.2s	1886.2	 no, I'm being told I'm Neville Chamberlain or blah, blah, blah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1889.7s	1889.7	 These are like uninformed nitwits. You know, they're the cancer, the cancer of people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1894.9s	1894.9	 comment on Twitter is the following. They suffer from the worst kind of cancer, which is a lack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1900.1s	1900.1	 of belief in themselves. And so what they do is they point to other people and try to convince yet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1905.6s	1905.6	 more people to not believe in them. But that has nothing to do with anything. It's just misdirection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1910.1s	1910.1	 from their core problem, which is they don't believe in themselves. And so, you know, David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1913.6s	1913.6	 has to fight all of that stuff off, but he has to fight it off with logic, which must be exhausting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1918.0s	1918.0	 You know, my approach has just been to turn off comments and to not start. This is the single
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1922.1s	1922.1	 biggest problem. I think with social media is it's at this heightened point where it's this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1927.5s	1927.5	 virulent strain of a lack of belief in oneself that manifests in this hatred that you direct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1933.0s	1933.0	 to anybody else that believes in themselves. Interesting, interesting theory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1936.0s	1936.0	 Yeah. And I would just, just to add to that, you know, it's not like I haven't heard any of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1942.1s	1942.1	 arguments that they're making. I guarantee you they have not heard the arguments I'm making,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1947.7s	1947.7	 but I've heard all the arguments they're making. I'm totally familiar with 1938,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1951.8s	1951.8	 Munich, Neville Chamberlain, all this kind of stuff. I just don't think that is the correct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1955.9s	1955.9	 understanding of what's happening right now. I think the correct historical analogy is either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1959.7s	1959.7	 1914 with World War I and the blank check guarantee, or it's 1962, the Cuban Missile Crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1966.0s	1966.0	 The people on the other side generally don't understand that. They are just kind of part of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1971.0s	1971.0	 this like Twitter mob who's buying into the current thing and whatever they're told by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1975.0s	1975.0	 media. So it is a little bit exhausting. I think that that's what people don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1979.7s	1979.7	 realize is, you know, when this thing got very popular, the two or three days after an episode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1985.9s	1985.9	 comes out becomes your texts, your email, your DMs, and your replies become filled, especially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1992.7s	1992.7	 again. I would encourage you to keep doing this thing and just to turn off comments and don't look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=1997.2s	1997.2	 back. It's hard for the first few weeks and then you realize 99% of people who comment have nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2003.7s	2003.7	 important or useful or interesting to say, like zero, like negative zero. And you forget that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2009.4s	2009.4	 there's like 99.999% of the world that just reads your content and couldn't even care about their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2015.5s	2015.5	 comments. And I would just, I would focus on what you have to say and ignore all these other news.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2022.7s	2022.7	 At least Twitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2023.3s	2023.3	 I agree that would make it less exhausting, but it would still be time consuming. There is a bunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2026.8s	2026.8	 of business blogs I want to get done. So I mean, as I said, you take two weeks off, you come back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2031.0s	2031.0	 and see how you feel. I mean, you can do it week by week too. I mean, just take one week off and see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2036.1s	2036.1	 it. See how you'll catch up. I think you'll, I think you'll, he'll be back. He'll be back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2040.9s	2040.9	 Of course he'll be back. Great. Great. Great question from Nathan. Thank you for your participation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2045.7s	2045.7	 Nathan. Next question. I actually like this one. I'm going to pull it out. It's an email question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2050.1s	2050.1	 from Juan T. Oh, hey, Juan T. Juan said, Bill Gurley recently put out a piece explaining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2056.5s	2056.5	 how this might be as good a time as in a decade to build a company. How are you guys seeing your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2061.2s	2061.2	 own portfolio companies trying to take advantage of this situation? And I guess I'll add, do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2065.3s	2065.3	 guys agree? And how do you think about this as a moment for company building?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2069.9s	2069.9	 I could take that one. I am seeing a lot of the companies that were, you know, had done a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2076.5s	2076.5	 job raising around seed round series a never got product market fit. Now wrap it up, right? They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2081.7s	2081.7	 shutting down, they're doing the wind down process. And then we're seeing lists of very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2086.9s	2086.9	 talented people. And I've talked about this before on the show, the consolidation of talent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2090.6s	2090.6	 behind the winning ideas, the, the, the experiments that actually worked products that got some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2095.8s	2095.8	 traction are now having an easier time hiring talent. And so to Bill's point, he's got a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2100.8s	2100.8	 more experience in this than the four of us put together is absolutely right. When you build in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2105.4s	2105.4	 this down market, yeah, it's harder to raise money, of course, but talent is what makes great products.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2111.3s	2111.3	 And products that delight customers get the flywheel going. And if you survive through this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2116.5s	2116.5	 and you have that talent, you're not going to face 20 copycats. And there's not 50 new products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2123.1s	2123.1	 coming out a day, people have more time to actually engage and try a product, which they've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2128.3s	2128.3	 been burnt out on and the peanut butter spreading, you know, we have this thin layer of peanut butter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2132.7s	2132.7	 talent. Now it's getting consolidated in the winter. So absolutely a great time for five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2138.3s	2138.3	 CEOs within founders or you know, 10 founders across five companies to consolidate down to two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2143.7s	2143.7	 do those tuck in acquisitions and get focused and build really good teams and cut the weakest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2148.5s	2148.5	 people on the teams. There's a lot of weak talent that have been overpaid and aren't actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2152.6s	2152.6	 contributing to these teams and they need to get cut. And then you pull in the all stars. It's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2156.5s	2156.5	 fantastic time. He's 100% right. All of the if you look back in history since 2000, all of the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2162.5s	2162.5	 performing funds of all times were the ones that were formed right in the middle of the downturns,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2166.9s	2166.9	 oh, 308, oh, nine, these are the vintages that have always been the best. And what that means,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2171.2s	2171.2	 it's a proxy for investing, which is, it's the hardest time right now, it's when you have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2175.9s	2175.9	 shakiest hand, when you're writing the check, but it'll probably be where all of the real money is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2181.9s	2181.9	 made or the real generational wealth, both for the entrepreneurs who have the courage to start,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2187.2s	2187.2	 and the investors who have the courage to invest. There was a story that I heard in New York,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2193.0s	2193.0	 I was talking to a really well known hedge fund, or family office. And they were talking about how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2199.8s	2199.8	 they were meeting with a CEO of a fintech unicorn, very well known fintech unicorn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2206.3s	2206.3	 And they said they left the meeting and they said, this person had an unbelievable disrespect for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2212.2s	2212.2	 money. And it was the most arrogant interaction that they had ever heard. And they said, under no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2217.3s	2217.3	 circumstances would we invest in this guy in this company at any price. And, you know, lo and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2222.5s	2222.5	 behold, a year later, that company is now visibly going through a bunch of hiccups. And it just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2228.1s	2228.1	 reminds me that Jason, we've always had two problems when times are good. Problem number one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2235.7s	2235.7	 is that there's never been a check and balance on that kind of behavior, a lack of respect for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2239.9s	2239.9	 capital, and almost a disregard for business models, which is just inexcusable. And I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2246.6s	2246.6	 partly the fault of a very young entrepreneur, but it's also partly the fault of a board who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2251.2s	2251.2	 doesn't know how to direct that person. Enablement is real. But then the second thing is we've always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2256.1s	2256.1	 had this, you know, this big tech put on the table where every time you would try to really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2262.6s	2262.6	 hone in on running a lean, highly efficient organization, the alternative would be to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2268.1s	2268.1	 work at, you know, Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, where the terms are just completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2273.7s	2273.7	 different to what the experience was, you know, at a startup. And the bigger the gap, the harder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2279.4s	2279.4	 it was for you to be able to hire and retain good people without just copying them. And now that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2284.6s	2284.6	 that's also coming off the table, that is a key moment. So Gurley is 100% right. There is no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2290.5s	2290.5	 longer the big tech put. Those are the generals that are about to get shot over the next eight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2294.8s	2294.8	 to 12 months, in my opinion, in the public markets, in terms of market cap and employment and perks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2300.6s	2300.6	 And then second is that these really thoughtful investors, who felt pretty deeply disrespected,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2307.3s	2307.3	 will now be able to call the shots. And these founders will have to come back hat in hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2312.6s	2312.6	 and either apologize or just completely find a different religion. And I think in that you'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2317.1s	2317.1	 have a lot of amazing opportunities to build companies. I think it's well said. Sax, what are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2322.1s	2322.1	 you seeing? Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, look, when times are as frothy as they were, a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2326.5s	2326.5	 lot of bad ideas get funded and there's a lot of bad behavior that occurs. I don't think all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2331.7s	2331.7	 it's intentional. Some of it is just the lack of discipline that when capital is just so freely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2336.1s	2336.1	 available, people are building their businesses in ways that we're optimizing solely for one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2341.8s	2341.8	 variable, which was top line growth. They just weren't paying enough attention to gross margins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2346.7s	2346.7	 or burn. And when you then have a downturn and capital is not so available, you have to build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2352.1s	2352.1	 your business in a much more capital efficient way. And you can't create fake businesses where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2356.5s	2356.5	 you're buying growth that's not economically justified, where you've got negative unit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2361.5s	2361.5	 economics around the growth. So I think that this downturn is going to create a shakeout. It's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2367.9s	2367.9	 to weed out bad ideas, bad practices, and a lack of focus, bad boards and bad investors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2378.5s	2378.5	 Or no boards. One trick ponies. There's just a lot of one trick ponies out there who've optimized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2385.0s	2385.0	 growth but don't have a real business. And it's going to require entrepreneurs to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2392.0s	2392.0	 to play sort of more like multi-variable calculus or math, not just single variable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2397.1s	2397.1	 It is extremely difficult to convert TVPI to DPI. The value of paper values into actual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2404.7s	2404.7	 distributions. And that takes a skilled hand. And I think that a lot of young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2411.4s	2411.4	 folks were hired into venture that fundamentally did not know what they were doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2416.5s	2416.5	 They've neither ever built a company or helped build a company or actually learned how to generate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2421.1s	2421.1	 returns. But they became very good at buying free call options on companies. I remember a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2428.6s	2428.6	 people, the way that you, these young people, I remember I heard a story that you would sell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2433.0s	2433.0	 against Gurley. So let's just say you were trying to do a deal and Bill gives you a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2437.3s	2437.3	 term sheet from Benchmark and you get somebody else. The young folks were like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2440.9s	2440.9	 Bill's too negative and he doesn't get it. And they would try to convince these entrepreneurs that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2446.3s	2446.3	 these rainy days don't happen. My experience with Gurley is he is the most sophisticated investor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2451.6s	2451.6	 of our generation. And what I mean by that is he was trained as an equity analyst that really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2459.2s	2459.2	 understood business models and cost of capital. And so in a moment like this, the way that Gurley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2465.9s	2465.9	 would help you on a board is meaningfully more important than how some middling VP at some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2471.7s	2471.7	 rando startup who's now a junior partner at a venture firm because that person has literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2477.5s	2477.5	 no clue. And so these companies are going to go through a very difficult moment, which again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2482.9s	2482.9	 is the reason why a good steady hand who knows what they're doing will make a ton of money in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2488.1s	2488.1	 this next cycle. And for people who don't know TVPI, let me just give you a quick definition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2492.7s	2492.7	 This is the total value divided by the paid in capital. So total value is distributions like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2498.1s	2498.1	 Hey, here's your Robin Hood stock. Here's your Uber stock. Here's cash plus the net asset value.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2502.9s	2502.9	 What's that fancy word for the value of the shares of the companies that haven't had an exit. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2508.6s	2508.6	 you divide those two numbers, you get a ratio 1.5, 1.2, et cetera. But to Schmott's point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2514.3s	2514.3	 net asset value is debatable in some of these, right? And distributions are what matter. You can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2519.2s	2519.2	 eat the IRR. You got to eat the stuff that's been distributed. Yeah. All right. Let's keep going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2524.8s	2524.8	 I'll do one more. I'm going to skip over. Well, I'll just, the question on Twitter that got the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2531.2s	2531.2	 most votes was what's the exact net worth of each bestie. I would make the case that that's probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2537.3s	2537.3	 not the best way to measure oneself. And, you know, I don't think we're going to do it. I also would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2543.3s	2543.3	 argue that we're probably all exposed to a lot of fuzzy math with private assets that we own. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2548.9s	2548.9	 in terms of companies, we're in cares. Like how does that correlate with happiness in life? It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2553.1s	2553.1	 doesn't. Right. So it doesn't really stupid question. And I don't think it's a big focus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2556.4s	2556.4	 in terms of objectives. I'll say the next one, they got a lot of votes, which I really like.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2562.1s	2562.1	 It's a lagging indicator and a byproduct of what we do. There are moments when what we do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2567.0s	2567.0	 reflects in value that frankly, where we are over earning, and then there are periods where what we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2572.1s	2572.1	 do is under reflected and we are under earning. And so the through line has to be that you need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2578.1s	2578.1	 to survive in both good times and bad times, which means you got to like what you're doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2582.3s	2582.3	 And if you get caught up in a numerical number, there's all kinds of math you can do to make it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2586.1s	2586.1	 look a lot bigger than it is, but it's all meaningless. Yeah, I would argue you're as long
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2590.5s	2590.5	 as you're actively developing yourself over time, the weighing machine will do its job. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2595.6s	2595.6	 the weighing machine will do its job. He told me in my 20s. When I was at AOL, he said, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2603.7s	2603.7	 if you're because at the time I you know, I grew up on welfare, I thought the goal was to make money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2609.4s	2609.4	 I didn't know any better. I've learned later that there's a lot more leading indicators of happiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2615.3s	2615.3	 and things that actually cashier eight happiness. Why truffles? Why truffles? I was going to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2621.1s	2621.1	 friendship, my family, but yeah, friendship and family laughs. I define it as laughs and friendships,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2625.7s	2625.7	 you know, friendships. But but but he said to me, you know, your goal should be to just be in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2631.5s	2631.5	 upper few percent of your age bracket, and just enjoy what you're doing. And he said, let time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2637.2s	2637.2	 take care of everything else. Because as long as you find something you're you know, you decently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2641.7s	2641.7	 enjoy and are good at, you'll just get better and better at that thing. And then at some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2647.5s	2647.5	 you know, you will lose track of what the, you know, measurement of that is, because you're just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2652.9s	2652.9	 too caught up in how much you enjoy doing the thing. And I thought that he had no idea what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2659.1s	2659.1	 he was talking about. And now 25 years later, I can tell you he was totally right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2666.1s	2666.1	 Totally right. Yeah. By the way, this was a question I was trying to skip over. So no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2671.0s	2671.0	 but it led to a good fork. Yeah. Okay. What is happiness? Yeah. Yeah. I think after, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2676.5s	2676.5	 observing outcomes for 25 years in tech, what I would say is that if you're smart, hard working,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2683.5s	2683.5	 don't have behaviors that sabotage yourself, and you know, take intelligent risks, you will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2688.3s	2688.3	 be successful in this business. I mean, technology is such a wind at your backs. It's such an engine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2693.9s	2693.9	 of wealth creation, how can you not do well, but the exact magnitude of how well you do, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2699.2s	2699.2	 is ultimately it is substantially affected by timing. And, you know, like if you were employee,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2706.1s	2706.1	 whatever number X at Google, you're going to do better than most founders, even of a unicorn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2711.0s	2711.0	 company. And when you found your company, and then when you exit what the market is doing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2716.1s	2716.1	 those things have a huge impact on the act on the magnitude. So, you know, whether you end up being,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2722.3s	2722.3	 you know, a billionaire, a centimillionaire, you know, a decamillion, or whatever you want to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2726.7s	2726.7	 those things are very affected by timing and chance, but not whether you're going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2731.7s	2731.7	 successful at a substantial level. And so just, you know, be smart, be hard working,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2738.1s	2738.1	 don't sabotage yourself, you know, get into tech, and you will do well. Trust the process.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2743.7s	2743.7	 Trust the process. The exact amount of how well you do will be dependent on some,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2747.6s	2747.6	 you know, stochastic factors, but not the fact that you're going to do well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2750.6s	2750.6	 We are enormous beneficiaries of having been born when we were, because we are a bunch of late 40
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2757.8s	2757.8	 and early 50 somethings, that in the prime of our career in tech, the Federal Reserve took rates to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2766.1s	2766.1	 zero. And we had no idea a priori how important that would be in all of our outcomes, but they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2772.8s	2772.8	 were. And even more importantly, PCs, internet and mobile happened, all of that hard work was done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2778.9s	2778.9	 beforehand, by an entire court of people that had to fight much stronger headwinds than we had to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2784.2s	2784.2	 fight. So you know, David, I just want to build on that, like we were extraordinarily lucky. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2790.6s	2790.6	 don't get caught up in that, because there's all these factors you don't you cannot control.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2794.5s	2794.5	 I'll say one more thing that I think is the most important observation I've made, in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2801.7s	2801.7	 whatever it is building wealth over time is to make sure you're building equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2806.5s	2806.5	 in yourself. If you're in a services business, and every day, and whether that's serving the clients
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2812.8s	2812.8	 of the company you work for, or just serving clients on behalf of yourself, and everything you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2817.7s	2817.7	 do is a transaction. And that transaction doesn't build on itself doesn't compound value in some way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2824.5s	2824.5	 then you're missing out on an opportunity every year that goes by that you're earning income,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2828.9s	2828.9	 or you're not building equity is is a non compounding year. And it's compounding equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2835.7s	2835.7	 value that I think ultimately pays off for you as an individual. And I can give a lot of examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2840.7s	2840.7	 of this. But if you're in a let's say a brokerage business, and you just do deals,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2846.5s	2846.5	 and you might make have a good year, you might have a bad year, the real question you need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2849.7s	2849.7	 ask yourself is, what is compounding? Are you growing a client base? Are you growing your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2854.8s	2854.8	 skill set? Are you next year able to do more things or have more options than you had this year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2860.2s	2860.2	 And if the number of options you have is declining or static every year, then you're limiting your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2864.8s	2864.8	 equity value. And that ultimately will translate into limited wealth creation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2867.9s	2867.9	 Can I chime in on that point around equity? So yeah, when I discovered what equity was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2872.6s	2872.6	 this was when I was in law school, and actually, the guy who explained to me was Antonio Gracious,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2877.3s	2877.3	 a light bulb really went off for me, because my dad is a doctor, and I was on a path to becoming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2882.9s	2882.9	 a lawyer. And in both those cases, you're a professional, the way you get paid is you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2887.6s	2887.6	 more or less charge an hourly rate. And so the amount of money you can make is capped, right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2893.0s	2893.0	 just take the number of hours in the day and in the week, multiply it by your rate. And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2897.4s	2897.4	 the most money you can make in a year. And the difference between that and equity is with equity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2903.9s	2903.9	 you own a piece of a business, and that business could be ultimately worth, you know, any amount.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2911.3s	2911.3	 And so your equity could therefore be worth virtually any amount. And so you're uncapped.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2916.7s	2916.7	 And so just, you know, if you want to have outside success, you have to have equity in something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2922.3s	2922.3	 I think that is exactly right. If you're just basically working for wages, you even if you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2929.0s	2929.0	 the best at what you do, and you get paid an insane hourly rate, you again, you can be successful,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2934.4s	2934.4	 but you're not going to be uncapped. And so that is the beauty. That's the beauty of Silicon Valley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2939.2s	2939.2	 is all these companies offer equity to everybody. And it's not just shares in something, you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2944.5s	2944.5	 actually get equity and create leverage in your life. In this era, more than any human has ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2949.8s	2949.8	 had in any era prior, because of software and computing and automation, you can create a website
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2956.3s	2956.3	 that prints cash for you every day if you want it to, you can create a service that you get leverage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2960.8s	2960.8	 out of. And there's equity value in that. And I think that's really key, because then you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2964.9s	2964.9	 go build another one, another one, and you're building value over time. And that's just the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2969.1s	2969.1	 most simplistic example of how technology today provides leverage that can really allow anyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2975.3s	2975.3	 to pursue a path of equity. And I think you made a good point about what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2979.3s	2979.3	 are you getting leverage off of. So there's a bunch of different things you can get leverage off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2983.4s	2983.4	 It used to be labor, right? It's not anymore. So the old way was leverage off labor. And I guess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2988.3s	2988.3	 if you were to own like a consulting firm, or like some sort of factory, then the more people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2993.7s	2993.7	 you have working, the more money you'd make. The other way would be like, you can get leverage off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=2998.9s	2998.9	 capital, like a fund manager, or you can get leverage off of technology, because software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3004.2s	3004.2	 can basically create these super scaled outcomes. So you need to figure out like, what is it you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3007.9s	3007.9	 getting leverage off of? Yeah. So I'll do the last one, which I thought was a really good question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3012.9s	3012.9	 And it got a lot of votes from Marcos Ortiz. If you had to start from scratch, no money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3019.1s	3019.1	 no connections, only the knowledge you have right now, and 100 bucks, what would you build in 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3026.9s	3026.9	 I would build something in energy transition or in life sciences.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3030.5s	3030.5	 With $100?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3031.3s	3031.3	 Yeah, I would build a startup incubator, venture fund of some type, a way to fund entrepreneurs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3039.7s	3039.7	 and just be a capital allocator much earlier in my career.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3044.2s	3044.2	 I would create a B2B software company that actually I'm already creating it. So I haven't unveiled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3050.8s	3050.8	 it yet, but there's something I'm incubating right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3052.9s	3052.9	 Go David, go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3054.0s	3054.0	 Whoa, where's the bed week? Wait, whoa, whoa, wait, what is going on?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3058.7s	3058.7	 Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, what's your beak? What is going on here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3062.9s	3062.9	 I haven't gotten the subscription. Have you raised money?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3065.1s	3065.1	 No, I haven't raised money yet. When I raise money, you guys can invest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3067.5s	3067.5	 I have not gotten my subscription documents, sir.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3069.0s	3069.0	 It's, you can think of this idea as Yammer 2.0. So Jake, you're not in because you criticize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3073.7s	3073.7	 the Yammer, but- It was a joke. I gave you the, I let you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3076.6s	3076.6	 win TechCrunch 50. I put the fucking fix in for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3079.3s	3079.3	 David, just to put my pitch in, I ran AIM and ICQ, helped Facebook, was an investor in Yammer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3085.4s	3085.4	 was the series A investor in Slack. So I'm ready for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3088.2s	3088.2	 Yeah, you were there for us when we needed you back at Yammer days, unlike J.K.L.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3093.3s	3093.3	 What are you talking about? Your wife came to my wife and they're like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3096.5s	3096.5	 Sax has to win TechCrunch 50. You're all in, don't worry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3099.5s	3099.5	 Let me in, Sax. Let me in. Let me in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3100.9s	3100.9	 When I do the round, you guys are in. Let me in. Let me lead it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3105.4s	3105.4	 Let us do the pre-round round. We want to do the pre-round round.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3108.5s	3108.5	 Pre-round. Yes, yes. Fine, fine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3110.5s	3110.5	 Pre-round. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3112.5s	3112.5	 Did you just agree on TV? Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3114.3s	3114.3	 Well, assuming, hold on, there's one thing you have to do, which is you've got to rip out Slack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3117.9s	3117.9	 and use this instead. Yes, 100%. 100%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3120.5s	3120.5	 I will start the all in community. Just so you know, I'm going to be very honest with you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3124.5s	3124.5	 The day I left Facebook, I stopped using it. The day we sold, we distributed Slack,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3129.9s	3129.9	 stopped using it. So don't worry about me. I am 100% aligned with you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3133.7s	3133.7	 I'm all in. I'm all in. Absolutely. All right. Let's do the show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3136.7s	3136.7	 Let's do the show. Friberg, you didn't answer that question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3139.7s	3139.7	 What would you do? Well, actually, I would get some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3142.3s	3142.3	 water vaporizers and then I would get some molecule and I would make a new super protein.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3147.9s	3147.9	 That was made out of, sorry. No, no, keep going. I like it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3152.6s	3152.6	 I think it'd be something with protein slurry. You'd make some kind of steak that tastes better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3156.5s	3156.5	 than steak. Protein slurry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3158.5s	3158.5	 It's some sort of protein. I would definitely build a business again. I think the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3163.2s	3163.2	 you know, the challenge is as you move past that stage in your career where, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3169.3s	3169.3	 you have the willingness and the time to be 120% building one product every day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3176.3s	3176.3	 it's really hard to go back to that. And I think if I was in a position again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3180.1s	3180.1	 where I had no money and had no. I think that's the key part of the question,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3185.3s	3185.3	 not the hundred dollar part. Yeah. I think I would go back to building something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3189.3s	3189.3	 I do think the intersection of life sciences with software creates this era of opportunity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3195.6s	3195.6	 It would probably be something in the realm of AI ML meets life sciences where you can actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3202.1s	3202.1	 work in a leveraged way with software to drive outcomes in these important markets. So I would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3207.1s	3207.1	 actually create a robotic cat. Freebrook and I could have been intro cats. We can be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3212.4s	3212.4	 start at something. Yeah, maybe we can still. Oh, not too late. The co-founders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3218.1s	3218.1	 Saxe will let you in the pre-round if you let us in your pre-round.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3221.5s	3221.5	 Okay. Sounds good. All right. All right. You want to take us forward?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3224.7s	3224.7	 Should we go forward? Okay. Let's see what's on the docket.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3227.0s	3227.0	 Okay. We've got Russia's invasion of Ukraine. You had Biden last week saying we're facing the risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3236.6s	3236.6	 of Armageddon. How is that not the top story? Go saxi poop. Go take it. All right. Here we go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3241.7s	3241.7	 Let me just queue it up for a sax. By last week. So we're facing risk Armageddon. That's your T.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3246.4s	3246.4	 Okay. We got and then Leon Panetta just let's T. DAP. J. Cal. We don't need everyone knows what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3251.3s	3251.3	 going on. Then you have Leon Panetta, Leon Panetta, just who was the former secretary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3255.7s	3255.7	 defense and director of central intelligence wrote an op-ed for Politico saying that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3261.6s	3261.6	 intelligence analysts have now raised the probability of a use of a tactical nuclear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3268.0s	3268.0	 weapon in Ukraine from one to 5% at the beginning of the war to 20 to 25% now is what he says.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3275.4s	3275.4	 So, and I don't think he'd be saying that if this wasn't pretty much conventional wisdom in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3280.3s	3280.3	 Washington now, I mean, Panetta is sort of a very respectable figure in the belt way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3286.8s	3286.8	 And you said it right for the first time. So we're facing the most dangerous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3290.8s	3290.8	 situation and the highest risk of nuclear war since the Cuban Missile Crisis. He called it the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3295.9s	3295.9	 risk of Armageddon. The problem is that nobody is willing to say what we should be doing differently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3303.4s	3303.4	 to avoid this situation. So, you know, people are always attacking us for having a point of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3307.8s	3307.8	 view on foreign policy. First of all, this affects us. I don't know why we're not allowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3311.2s	3311.2	 to have a point of view. But you know, in our business thinking, whether it's an existential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3315.7s	3315.7	 issue, you have the attitude of drop everything and figure this out. If somebody told you that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3321.1s	3321.1	 there's a 25% chance of your company blowing up, maybe in the next few weeks, you would drop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3326.7s	3326.7	 everything and focus on that problem. But it's like, you know, after the Armageddon comments,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3331.1s	3331.1	 it's like the media just passed over it. It's like, oh, this is like crazy Biden or whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3336.4s	3336.4	 It was minimized. It was contextualized. The White House walked it back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3340.5s	3340.5	 Nobody's really focusing on this and what we should be doing differently. And in fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3344.0s	3344.0	 what Panetta recommends and Petraeus said the same thing is that if Russia uses attack nuke in Ukraine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3350.7s	3350.7	 then we should respond by attacking Russia directly. Now, if we do that, we are literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3356.7s	3356.7	 in World War Three. And remember, at the beginning of the war, Biden was really clear that we weren't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3361.3s	3361.3	 going to get directly involved. He vetoed the idea correctly of the no fly zone, which would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3366.9s	3366.9	 required us to shoot down Russian planes. Biden, remember, he was asked in the press conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3371.3s	3371.3	 the beginning of the war by Lester Holt. He said, Holt said, you know, Mr. President, what if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3375.3s	3375.3	 Americans are trapped behind enemy lines in Ukraine? Would you send in American troops to go get them?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3380.4s	3380.4	 Biden said no, I think very properly said no, because he said, listen, we do not want to risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3385.9s	3385.9	 World War Three. But now because of mission creep and a slippery slope, and we've all gotten more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3391.2s	3391.2	 involved in this war, we've gotten more emotionally committed, you now have Panetta and Petraeus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3395.9s	3395.9	 calling for us to directly attack Russia and get in World War Three. The Russians almost certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3401.4s	3401.4	 would respond with nuclear because that's all they've got. They don't have the conventional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3405.5s	3405.5	 forces to stand up to us. So look at how close we have now gotten to the brink of a nuclear showdown.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3412.2s	3412.2	 And has anybody reassessed? Is anyone calling for us to reevaluate? Because that's the conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3417.6s	3417.6	 which we're having right now. And Freeberg, this brings up two points that I think you can comment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3423.5s	3423.5	 on. Naval, actually, the founder of Angelist, Angel Investor, and just public thinker, I would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3430.0s	3430.0	 say public intellectual. He came on to call in with the two of you. And he outlined like, who does get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3437.2s	3437.2	 to have an opinion on Ukraine and other issues, which has dovetailed with this, like, who gets to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3443.4s	3443.4	 be an expert in the world today. And of course, at the same time, not only Sachs has been commenting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3448.6s	3448.6	 on, hey, what's the off ramp here, Elon has been talking about, hey, you know, how do we get out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3453.0s	3453.0	 this? Do we have some votes, you know, by these regions that have been annexed or that are in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3459.3s	3459.3	 dispute? AOC now is getting criticized. I don't know if you saw people shouting her down at a public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3464.3s	3464.3	 event today or yesterday, that she's a warmonger, and she won't speak out against war.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3469.7s	3469.7	 How do you frame the public dialogue about this, Freeberg? And then do you see a potential off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3474.8s	3474.8	 ramp here other than Putin leaves Russia, which is, I think the public stance by a lot of folks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3480.7s	3480.7	 you know, Putin can end this, he just has to leave Ukraine in order for this to end. So two questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3485.7s	3485.7	 there for you, Freeberg. It's very hard to have good dialogue about any situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3495.1s	3495.1	 where an argument could be made on the grounds of morality, in an absolute sense,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3502.3s	3502.3	 making it really difficult to have a discourse around what the right thing to do is, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3507.6s	3507.6	 you don't agree fundamentally on the objective you're shooting for. One side says the objective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3514.5s	3514.5	 is to preserve the integrity of democracy and the freedom of people. And the other side says
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3522.1s	3522.1	 the objective should be to secure the interests of the West and the United States and preserve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3528.3s	3528.3	 the world from nuclear holocaust. I think that's what makes this a challenging conversation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3534.9s	3534.9	 The objective can be reframed. And then from that objective, each side can make their own case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3542.0s	3542.0	 without being forced to take in the point of view of the other side. And it's why we're at a bit of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3547.7s	3547.7	 a standstill. And it's also why it's so easy to get swept up in a mass point of view, a coalesced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3555.6s	3555.6	 point of view of the masses that makes one feel good about what may end up being a very bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3561.7s	3561.7	 situation. It feels good to say I'm doing this for freedom of the people. I'm doing this to save lives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3568.4s	3568.4	 And at the end of the day, it may cause a nuclear war. And it's okay, because I feel good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3575.3s	3575.3	 going into this debate, that this is the right thing. It's the morally superior thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3580.2s	3580.2	 to do. What's very hard is that we can't actually say, as a group, our objective should be to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3587.8s	3587.8	 preserve the integrity of democracies around the world to an extent. And that's a nuanced point of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3593.5s	3593.5	 view. To an extent means I'm willing to preserve the democracies through certain actions, but I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3600.1s	3600.1	 not willing to cross a certain line. And absolutism doesn't need to come into play. That's what I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3606.9s	3606.9	 is making this such a very difficult conversation. And it's why it's so hard to actually have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3611.4s	3611.4	 conversation around it. And it's really, I would argue, the most poignant and the most dramatic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3617.8s	3617.8	 moment in what we talked about earlier, which is this deep-seated kind of bipolarity. And once
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3624.2s	3624.2	 you're sitting on your pole, you don't want to come off. And you don't realize that so much of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3627.8s	3627.8	 dialogue is in this middle. And we have to come to some point of view that maybe this isn't about an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3632.5s	3632.5	 absolute outcome. It's not absolutely going to be nuclear war. And it's not absolutely going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3637.3s	3637.3	 the end of democracy. There's some conversation in the middle that's very difficult to have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3642.9s	3642.9	 And people that work somewhere in the world, hopefully ambassadors, foreign policy people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3649.6s	3649.6	 State Department people, hopefully are having the more nuanced critical conversation about how do we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3655.0s	3655.0	 resolve to the maximal outcome that doesn't necessarily take us to an absolute end.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3659.9s	3659.9	 Chamath, to that point, it's going to be an imperfect outcome here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3663.1s	3663.1	 I think this is much, much simpler than all of this. Leon Panetta is a senior counselor to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3670.5s	3670.5	 defense contracting agency called Beacon Global Strategies who works on behalf of Raytheon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3674.9s	3674.9	 I found that out while Friedberg was talking in a two-second Google search.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3680.2s	3680.2	 I suspect that if you looked for Petraeus's conflicts of interest, you would find that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3684.6s	3684.6	 through some Byzantine set of strategic consulting organizations and whatnot,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3689.7s	3689.7	 he also works on behalf of the defense industry. So you have these people who will generate more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3695.4s	3695.4	 revenue and more profit if there is a massive war. And those people have been trying to push us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3702.7s	3702.7	 into a land war in Europe since this whole thing started. And so this is just yet another attempt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3710.1s	3710.1	 It's just the most final way of doing it. So I would just encourage people, whenever you see all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3714.8s	3714.8	 these folks clamoring for war, is just to keep in mind that they are riddled with conflict and that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3722.3s	3722.3	 you can find it out. Again, this information is sitting in plain sight on the internet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3726.3s	3726.3	 and you can figure out whether this person is really advocating a truth that makes sense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3731.6s	3731.6	 or they're getting paid to shill a revenue generating mechanism for some part of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3736.6s	3736.6	 military industrial complex. Saks, how much of this is people talking their book, their book being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3740.3s	3740.3	 the military industrial complex in your mind? I think that's a big part of it. I think all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3744.5s	3744.5	 these Washington think tanks are funded by defense contractors. I think it's short-sighted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3749.4s	3749.4	 obviously, because if it leads to a nuclear war, there's not going to be a defense industry,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3753.4s	3753.4	 there won't be anything left. So but look, I think that Washington is wired for war in part
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3760.9s	3760.9	 because there's a huge lobby for it for all these defense contractors. And what's the lobby for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3765.7s	3765.7	 peace? I mean, there's no one really arguing for peace. Speaking of this, Elon, I'll tell you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3771.3s	3771.3	 I'll tell you what's lobbying for peace. And I'm going to connect what may seem two disparate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3776.3s	3776.3	 ideas together. But the single biggest thing I think that will prevent nuclear war is the inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3782.5s	3782.5	 that we're feeling. And the reason is because it allows the Fed, in my opinion, for the first time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3788.0s	3788.0	 really, in the last 15 years, to act properly. And if they hold the line, and they take interest rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3795.3s	3795.3	 to four or 5%, I think one non obvious outcome of all of that is it becomes extremely expensive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3803.4s	3803.4	 next to impossible to finance military adventurism abroad. And that's a practical economic outcrop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3811.5s	3811.5	 of really, you know, meaningfully high rates greater than zero. And so I actually think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3817.0s	3817.0	 reality is that for a lot of these governments, the more that inflation sticks around, the stickier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3823.5s	3823.5	 it is, the higher rates are in general, the bigger the problems at home are, and the less prone they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3829.3s	3829.3	 going to be likely, I actually think that explains that explains the escalation of this rhetoric,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3835.0s	3835.0	 because people want to try to make this issue and put it on the table. But you understand that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3839.5s	3839.5	 you know, these folks don't say it's a 90% likelihood, they go from 1% to 25%, which if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3844.9s	3844.9	 you understand probabilities is effectively a left tail risk that's effectively the same.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3850.1s	3850.1	 And the reason they're trying to do it is they're trying to get it back, David, as you say, to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3853.5s	3853.5	 timestamp it, to get it in front of people's perspectives to make it important in a moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3859.0s	3859.0	 where everybody increasingly not just in the United States, but in the UK, in Europe, are looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3864.9s	3864.9	 internally and trying to figure out how to keep their economies in a reasonably functioning way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3870.6s	3870.6	 and how to make sure that their financial and other infrastructure keeps working.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3874.1s	3874.1	 So you're saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3874.9s	3874.9	 And that is not necessarily a priority when rates are zero. But when rates are 4%, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3879.4s	3879.4	 just by the way, if you guys saw what happened today, it was the competing of two narratives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3884.0s	3884.0	 this week. There was the financial narrative of the UK having to bail out their pension system,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3891.1s	3891.1	 of all of a sudden, the pensions being forced sellers of those four sellers now, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3897.6s	3897.6	 spilling into the United States debt markets around CLOs and collateralized loan obligations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3902.8s	3902.8	 and junk debt, which then could theoretically spill as a contagion to other parts of the market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3907.4s	3907.4	 That was narrative one. And all of that, by the way, is a result of hiding inflation and the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3913.3s	3913.3	 you know, Fed moving up rates and, you know, other countries being forced to attack inflation with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3918.6s	3918.6	 higher rates and creating all these dislocations. Narrative one versus narrative two, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3923.9s	3923.9	 hey, all of a sudden, we have to put the nuclear risk on the table. And if you actually saw the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3928.9s	3928.9	 print that was spilled, the disproportionate amount of the rhetoric actually focused on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3933.9s	3933.9	 former narrative and not the latter. And so I think that that's why the these folks are escalating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3941.2s	3941.2	 the rhetoric in order to kind of create inequality so that they get enough print. They want that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3948.0s	3948.0	 version of the outcome. What you're saying is you have the world saying we can't afford to have this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3953.9s	3953.9	 conflict. We are broke. Well, not too many chaotic issues. The world is saying we are increasingly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3959.8s	3959.8	 under enormous domestic pressure. And as a result, we cannot spend on things abroad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3966.5s	3966.5	 We can't afford this. And then the other side saying, well, we need you to afford this. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3970.6s	3970.6	 nuclear is going to happen. There's going to be a nuclear annihilation. And there's a small
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3974.4s	3974.4	 strain. Pay more attention to this. There's a small strain of folks who would economically benefit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3979.0s	3979.0	 who are now ratcheting up their rhetoric so that that second path becomes more and more on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3983.3s	3983.3	 table. What do you think of this freeburg, this analysis that Shamath has these two polar, these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3989.2s	3989.2	 two groups vying for the attention and or budget of the world? The military industrial complex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=3999.5s	3999.5	 versus Yeah, citizens saying our country can't afford this, we need to focus inward,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4004.6s	4004.6	 not citizens, the central banks. Okay, but I think the central banks influenced by citizens,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4008.7s	4008.7	 right? Like this is a whole system here. We're talking about people are, you know, watching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4013.4s	4013.4	 their pensions go away. They're watching jobs get cut. If I was a betting man, I spent that I would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4019.0s	4019.0	 guess that the next half a trillion to a trillion dollars that is spent in Western world economies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4024.9s	4024.9	 will be to subsidize something that's broken internally inside of one of our countries,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4029.7s	4029.7	 whether it's the UK pension system, or whether it's the high yield credit markets, and it will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4035.0s	4035.0	 not be to finance military adventurism in Russia. People just just that point. So there's an article
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4042.1s	4042.1	 today in the Washington Post about how the US government's debt service is going to be around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4046.9s	4046.9	 570 billion this year, which is a 45% increase. Biden's budget for 2023 is only 1.6 trillion. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4054.1s	4054.1	 you're talking about something like over a third now of the official budget is already going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4059.3s	4059.3	 debt service. Because it's not variable, right? It's a variable, right? Exactly. Because so much of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4063.7s	4063.7	 is, it's not locked in a long term rate. So because interest rates have gone up so much,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4068.4s	4068.4	 the debt service gone up, and interest rates are still going up. And so, you know, Druckenmiller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4073.2s	4073.2	 had those points around how the debt services within a decade is going to eat up practically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4077.8s	4077.8	 the whole federal budget. So Trimoth is right that we've never really had to choose between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4082.2s	4082.2	 guns and butter before in the past. It was just let's just do both and we'll rack up more national
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4087.7s	4087.7	 debt. I do think there will be more and more pressure to question this type of spending and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4093.3s	4093.3	 why we've already given Ukraine $80 billion in handouts, when we can't afford to basically pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4100.3s	4100.3	 for, you know, major entitlements at home. So I think there'll be more pressure. Now, I think I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4105.7s	4105.7	 don't know if that pressure is going to come in time, though, to deescalate this Ukraine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4110.6s	4110.6	 And that's what concerns me. And just to just to cut to the chase on this, I think where the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4115.0s	4115.0	 rubber meets the road on Ukraine is Crimea. It's and why because the Russians have a major naval
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4122.0s	4122.0	 base there at Sevastopol. It's the home of the Black Sea Fleet. And they will never give that up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4128.1s	4128.1	 They are willing to use nukes, I believe, to basically protect that asset. It's a vital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4133.2s	4133.2	 interest of theirs. Hold on. 80% of the population of Crimea, they're Russian, and three quarters of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4139.5s	4139.5	 them, according to polling that was done by Gallup and by a German polling firm, so not Russian polls,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4144.4s	4144.4	 indicated that they see themselves as Russian and want to be part of Russia. So if we support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4148.4s	4148.4	 a self-determination, we'd be fine with Crimea being part of Russia. But here's the rub. Ukrainian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4153.3s	4153.3	 nationalism demands that every square inch of Crimea goes back to Ukraine. And it is State
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4158.7s	4158.7	 Department policy right now that we will never recognize Crimea as being Russian, will never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4163.9s	4163.9	 recognize the annexation, which happened back in 2014. So something's got to give here. Something's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4168.9s	4168.9	 got to give either we have to sit down Zelensky and say to him, listen, you're not getting back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4175.1s	4175.1	 Crimea. We're going to make that part of a peace deal. Or we are going to back the Ukrainians in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4179.9s	4179.9	 their military effort to retake Crimea with the result that I think is quite likely that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4185.3s	4185.3	 Russians will be willing to use a tactical nuke to prevent their total defeat. So at some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4191.0s	4191.0	 we're going to have to choose here, which of these outcomes do you want? Do you want to basically go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4194.5s	4194.5	 for a negotiated settlement, which means telling the Ukrainians they cannot have everything they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4198.8s	4198.8	 want? Or do you really want to risk a nuclear war to take back Crimea, which is Russian and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4204.8s	4204.8	 people there see themselves as Russian? So we need to make a choice here. Yeah. Yeah. So, Elon, put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4209.8s	4209.8	 out a tweet for and got savaged for it. And he outlines sort of what you're saying here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4216.0s	4216.0	 So do you think his plan he said redo elections of annexed regions under UN supervision Russia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4220.8s	4220.8	 leaves if that is the will of the people. And then he says Crimea formerly part of Russia as it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4226.1s	4226.1	 been since 1783 water supply to Crimea assured as you're saying, Ukraine remains neutral. Should the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4231.7s	4231.7	 West force Ukraine to accept these type of terms, essentially, elections, and I don't know why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4237.8s	4237.8	 Crimea wouldn't be part of that election process. Do you think UN supervised elections in those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4244.1s	4244.1	 regions should occur and we should force the landscape to do that? So he who pays the piper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4249.6s	4249.6	 calls the tune. Of course, we need to have a point of view on how this war should be resolved.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4255.8s	4255.8	 Listen, it's not about force. They can fight on and do whatever they want as long as they want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4260.5s	4260.5	 Hold on. Without American weapons, that's what I just said. American weapons. If you think he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4264.5s	4264.5	 should do that, we should pull the American weapons if he doesn't. If Zelensky wants our weapons and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4270.5s	4270.5	 support, which appear to be infinite, we should not give him a blank check guarantee. The blank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4274.9s	4274.9	 check is what started World War One, the German Kaiser gave Austria blank check guarantee and it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4280.1s	4280.1	 led to World War One. That is how great powers get pulled into the wars of minor powers. And we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4285.9s	4285.9	 absolutely have to have a point of view on how we do not get pulled into this. And I think our one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4290.9s	4290.9	 of our lines should be that we are not going to fund the Ukrainians in retaking Crimea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4296.9s	4296.9	 Got it. So just to put a to clear this so we can move on to the next topic, you're in support of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4302.7s	4302.7	 removing our not giving further weapons support to the Ukraine. In last day, negotiate this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4308.6s	4308.6	 It's not going to come to that. We need to have a point of view on how you are in support of that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4312.4s	4312.4	 stopping our support if they don't sit down and negotiate a settlement here. That's what you would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4316.7s	4316.7	 do. America needs to have a point of view of what is in its own interest. What is in our interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4322.0s	4322.0	 is for this to get resolved diplomatically at some point through a negotiated settlement,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4326.3s	4326.3	 not for it to escalate into a nuclear war that we could get pulled into. The only way that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4330.9s	4330.9	 going to happen, okay, is if Crimea goes back to Russia, I'm telling you, they will be willing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4335.7s	4335.7	 to pull out all the stops. And by the way, they could even use tech nukes before Crimea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4340.2s	4340.2	 But you answer the question though, that I asked three times, would you remove American support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4343.9s	4343.9	 in weapons if they don't accept that if Ukraine doesn't accept that? Would you be comfortable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4347.7s	4347.7	 taking away our support in? Well, I don't think it's going to come to that. But yes, we should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4350.9s	4350.9	 willing to threaten that. Okay, that's it. I'm just trying to get you to answer that one question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4353.7s	4353.7	 Let's hold on a second. They are a client state of the US. They do not call the shots. We're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4358.9s	4358.9	 America. We call the shots. We're the big dog here. All right. That's the bottom line. And you really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4363.0s	4363.0	 want to get pulled into a nuclear war because I do not. I just wanted you to answer that one question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4366.9s	4366.9	 We should pull it. Let's get real. Okay, got it about our future. You know, we're our American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4372.6s	4372.6	 nationalists, at least I am. I'm not a Ukrainian nationalist. I support self rule. I think we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4376.9s	4376.9	 accomplished something by preventing Kiev from getting toppled. But I want to support self rule
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4382.0s	4382.0	 for the people of Korea. It's time for a settlement in Saxon. I think the most important thing that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4386.9s	4386.9	 can all be thankful for, which I think will prevent a lot of wars in the next 10 or 20 years is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4392.7s	4392.7	 inflation and non zero interest rates. It's just going to be really tough. Like, you know, for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4398.3s	4398.3	 the UK cannot do anything right now other than make sure that they have foreign currency reserves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4403.6s	4403.6	 to back up the pound, which they don't really have that much. They're going to need money to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4407.7s	4407.7	 build up their pension system. Whoever thought it was a good idea to allow pensions to run levered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4412.5s	4412.5	 risk was it's obviously insane. Could you imagine if it turned out that the teachers pensions and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4418.2s	4418.2	 the firefighters pensions in America were running levered long? I mean, they're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4424.1s	4424.1	 This has to get resolved now. I mean, it's just we're at a breaking point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4426.8s	4426.8	 No, yeah, it's clear. You know what a pension is? I know. I'm not trying to be fancy. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4430.7s	4430.7	 it's just a dead end. No, no, no. I'm saying, I'm saying don't use some fancy intellectual argument.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4435.8s	4435.8	 I'm saying practically speaking, the treasurer is not allowed to call Goldman Sachs and say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4439.9s	4439.9	 I'm going to run two turns of leverage on this money. That is not allowed to happen in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4443.0s	4443.0	 United States. Okay. I get in some fancy way it could be thought of as levered long with,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4447.6s	4447.6	 you know, all kinds of indirection, but that is not how the world works today. Practically speaking,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4451.7s	4451.7	 it is how the UK works. A treasurer in a UK pension system is allowed to call an investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4457.9s	4457.9	 bank and actually run levered. That is insane. Okay, so my point is, when rates are nonzero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4466.1s	4466.1	 all of that jig is up. Governments are forced to batten down the hatches and, you know, husband
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4472.9s	4472.9	 cash for God knows what will break in the system. And I think that that is and as disruptive as that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4480.7s	4480.7	 is, it may actually be the bulwark against war. The jig is up, folks. I mean, I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4489.1s	4489.1	 what we should take away from this is we can't afford this and the United States is funding it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4493.2s	4493.2	 We have to force a settlement here and it will be a profile. Maybe the silver lining of inflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4498.0s	4498.0	 Okay, Andy jassey's had an all hands meeting Amazon is freezing hiring for corporate roles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4502.7s	4502.7	 in its retail business, almost 90 vps or higher level execs have left Amazon since 2021.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4508.5s	4508.5	 Earlier this week, there was an all hands presentation and the slides were leaked to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4511.3s	4511.3	 business insider. Some of them constraints breed resourcefulness, self sufficiency and innovation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4517.6s	4517.6	 there are no extra points for growing headcount, budget size or fixed expense. The slide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4521.7s	4521.7	 instructed employees to accomplish more with less sounds familiar sounds like something the US needs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4526.6s	4526.6	 to do and foreign policy needs to do. Amazon leadership team urged employees to double down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4531.7s	4531.7	 on frugality. Jesse also spoke in the meeting, just a couple of quotes and then I'll get your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4536.6s	4536.6	 thoughts. Chamath. It's on a lot of people's minds. And of course, none of us know for sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4540.8s	4540.8	 what's going to happen. But there are a lot of signs that point to this being a difficult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4544.7s	4544.7	 and rough economy ahead of us. And I don't know how long that'll last. But I think it's one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4548.8s	4548.8	 the things that we are thinking about. And we decided that we're going to be more streamlined
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4554.0s	4554.0	 in how we expand in 2023. Good companies that last a long period of time who are thinking about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4559.5s	4559.5	 long term always have this push and pull Chamath, what do you read into this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4563.4s	4563.4	 I'll say three quick things. One is that today, Thursday, October 13, we had an inflation print,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4572.3s	4572.3	 which was worse than expected. And the markets are materially higher, right? So, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4576.9s	4576.9	 strange, why? Well, I you know, we talked about this a few weeks ago. But, you know, my thought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4582.1s	4582.1	 then and same is, it's the same that I think now is that we've effectively seen the near term bottom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4587.3s	4587.3	 and we're now consolidating. And so every opportunity people have to justify that most of the news is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4592.9s	4592.9	 behind them, they take and they use that as a reason to buy. Okay, so that's number one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4597.7s	4597.7	 which is that we are sort of near the end. The second, however, is that if we do see another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4604.6s	4604.6	 leg down, there is really only one cohort of company that hasn't been really whacked. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4611.3s	4611.3	 I'll summarize it very quickly by saying it's Microsoft, Amazon, Apple and Google. That's it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4617.1s	4617.1	 Even Facebook has now been sort of put into the bucket of everybody else, where, you know, we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4621.9s	4621.9	 been crushed 60 7080% in those companies. So, so, so what does that mean? Well, those four companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4629.8s	4629.8	 are now being identified for what they may be, which in capitalism is called over earning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4636.9s	4636.9	 Okay, they are making more money than we think is appropriate. This letter from Andy jassy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4642.9s	4642.9	 his way of effectively telling his major shareholders that he is now moving the business to become more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4649.2s	4649.2	 of a cash cow business. Tim Cook made this incredible decision in 2016 1718, that effectively did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4656.4s	4656.4	 the same thing. That's when Buffett came in. That's when he established a huge ownership in the stock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4660.9s	4660.9	 That's when the stock absolutely ripped, because it moved into a different bucket in people's minds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4666.6s	4666.6	 it became growth at a pretty reasonable price. And I think Andy is making the case that Amazon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4671.7s	4671.7	 is going to become one of these Garp stocks growth at a reasonable price, he's going to generate a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4676.9s	4676.9	 ton of cash flow, he's going to keep expenses nominal, he's going to return a ton of cash to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4682.8s	4682.8	 shareholders with buybacks. That's the reading in between the lines of that letter. I think it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4688.1s	4688.1	 really profound statement. And a very smart move because you haven't seen that letter, or a version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4694.7s	4694.7	 of that letter yet for Microsoft. And you started to see hints of that letter from Sundar, where he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4700.0s	4700.0	 said, you know, it's and he's not saber rattling, he's not there yet. He's in the appetizer part,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4706.1s	4706.1	 you know, he's in the amuse bouche, where he's like, Oh, you know, guys, you got to work harder.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4709.8s	4709.8	 Hey, guys, let's create some fancy acronyms. But Sundar's got courage. No, no, no, but he's got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4714.5s	4714.5	 courage. He is going to rip the bandaid off too. And so I think what it means is, these three and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4720.0s	4720.0	 maybe these four companies are going to draw a hard line in the sand and say we are not over earning,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4726.2s	4726.2	 do not abandon the stock. That again will help put in a bottom in the stock market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4731.7s	4731.7	 What do you think, Freberg, you worked at this company and, you know, the principles across the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4737.6s	4737.6	 board, the saber rattling will turn into saber swinging and q4 q1, you think? Google Apple?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4746.5s	4746.5	 Cut coming. Amazon is affected in a different way, because they operate this physical supply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4754.0s	4754.0	 chain business, they're delivering goods to people's homes that people are buying. So they're,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4758.5s	4758.5	 they're, they really have to change their trajectory very quickly. It was incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4764.3s	4764.3	 You guys remember when COVID hit, you tried to place an order on Amazon, it was like three weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4768.7s	4768.7	 to deliver because the infrastructure wasn't there to do it. So they actually were seeing more orders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4773.9s	4773.9	 than their system had predicted. And they did massive build out, they hired what a million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4778.1s	4778.1	 people or something in their network to meet demand. And then over the next year, earnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4783.8s	4783.8	 went through the roof, their infrastructure and employee headcount went through the roof.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4788.1s	4788.1	 And now we're obviously coming back down the other side of a mountain. And they're having to shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4792.9s	4792.9	 strategy and shift their operating model. Yet again, there's a broader set. And that's because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4799.3s	4799.3	 they're in the direct commerce business, Microsoft, Google, and other kind of software companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4807.2s	4807.2	 some of which benefit from advertising, which is almost like a first derivative on the consumer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4811.9s	4811.9	 market, or a first derivative on the spending of companies that sell to consumers have a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4817.2s	4817.2	 bit of a different calculus. They're a much higher margin business, 30% EBITDA kind of business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4824.0s	4824.0	 with EBITDA margin business, with a very distinct kind of set of challenges on how advertising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4830.3s	4830.3	 revenue is going to be affected over the next couple of quarters. And balancing that against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4835.1s	4835.1	 their cloud platform, which is sold to enterprises, and their media consumption platform, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4840.9s	4840.9	 generally like YouTube at Google's case, which is less affected. So it's not as much of a direct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4845.7s	4845.7	 calculus. I will say what's happened over the past decade, which we're now seeing change, is these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4849.9s	4849.9	 companies have had extraordinary growth, hiring people to no end, there's always been, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4856.9s	4856.9	 kind of this extended expense on capital on human capital. And that expense on human capital has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4863.6s	4863.6	 driven the average cost per employee through the roof. And it's not just the salaries, it's the cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4868.9s	4868.9	 of the RSUs, it's the cost of the facilities and the free ice cream and the gyms and all the other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4873.6s	4873.6	 stuff that's gone on to compete. That's now changing. And so it really is creating a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4878.5s	4878.5	 model for operating that hasn't existed for the last decade, where everything has been, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4882.4s	4882.4	 how many more things can we throw in the kitchen, you know, throw like the kitchen sink at this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4885.7s	4885.7	 problem to get all the human capital here. And I think that's really, you know, what's what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4890.3s	4890.3	 going to kind of structurally change in the valley. It's not as acute as what Amazon is dealing with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4894.9s	4894.9	 It does feel like that those are the last cities to fall Chamath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4901.4s	4901.4	 They are the ones they are the ones that take the index to 3200. If we're going to try to do it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4906.7s	4906.7	 there's only one place to look you've whacked everybody else, everything is down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4910.9s	4910.9	 you know, 50 to 90% in some cases. So and then finally, you know, and by the way, sorry, just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4917.7s	4917.7	 just at the end of last year, a quarter of every s&p dollar was crowded in those names a quarter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4923.3s	4923.3	 So you got to go there. Yeah, I mean, and also they're automatically bought, right? They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4927.6s	4927.6	 automatically bought by these index funds. And so who's at the wheel saying, we're not we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4932.5s	4932.5	 to take the money out of them, right? Who, who in their right mind is taking money out of Apple,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4936.6s	4936.6	 Amazon, and Microsoft? Where do you put it? I guess is everybody's question, right? Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4941.1s	4941.1	 if you take it out of there, where do you put it? Well, no, I think I think it's just that when,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4945.6s	4945.6	 when you have patterns of selling, typically, as I've seen it, my experience is that initially,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4951.0s	4951.0	 it's the algorithms that really start to push a market in a direction, then you have, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4957.4s	4957.4	 the more traditional fund complexes, that's the hedge funds and the long onlys, they follow suit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4964.0s	4964.0	 And then the last group tends to be retail. And it works in reverse the other way as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4970.9s	4970.9	 And so, you know, obviously, there's exceptions to all of these, but as a general rule,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4974.8s	4974.8	 so retail starts bailing on Amazon, or they are right now, and Apple, yeah, they are sellers now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4980.1s	4980.1	 But it's not time to buy it. But again, this is this is where sort of organized capital now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4985.8s	4985.8	 is finding a bottom again, like, when you start to shake, just think about the psychology of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4991.1s	4991.1	 being delivered bad news after bad news, you go through the cycles, right? There's denial,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4995.3s	4995.3	 there's anger, there's depression, there's bargaining, but then at some point, there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=4999.0s	4999.0	 acceptance. And in that acceptance phase, you're like, Yeah, you're right, things are bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5004.9s	5004.9	 But when you see a market rally into a print like this, it's a it's really, really interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5010.5s	5010.5	 psychological turning point. As a proof point to what you're saying, Sachs Chamath, and Sachs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5015.7s	5015.7	 I want to get your comment on this. venture capital firms, like Sequoia, Excel and others that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5021.3s	5021.3	 now changed their status as you know, just private companies, but also dabbling in public are buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5027.3s	5027.3	 public equities, which basically means they see more opportunity in public, underpriced,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5034.3s	5034.3	 tech stocks, growth stocks, etc. than they do in late stage, private companies, correct? And you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5040.9s	5040.9	 saw the Wall Street Journal story, I'm assuming Sachs? Yeah, I saw that. What is what do you read
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5045.4s	5045.4	 what you read into that? And they are is it overblown? Or is it indicative of something?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5048.6s	5048.6	 I think it's probably overblown because Sequoia created that fund that is a hedge fund and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5053.3s	5053.3	 Andreessen Horowitz became a registered investment advisor so they could buy public security. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5057.9s	5057.9	 look, I don't think most venture funds are all of a sudden investing in public markets. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5062.0s	5062.0	 aren't even allowed to do that as far as I know, nor would we ever try to. So I think probably it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5067.7s	5067.7	 exaggerated. You have to give up Sachs your VC exception exemption, but you could do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5071.7s	5071.7	 Yeah, yeah. I mean, we wouldn't want to but it's kind of the point. But look, I can't explain why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5077.6s	5077.6	 the market did what it did today. It could have like Chamath said, it could have been some sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5082.0s	5082.0	 of algorithmic, you know, buying or selling. But I just think that the overall news today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5089.7s	5089.7	 was the economic news was just another really bad report. I mean, just look at these headlines from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5094.5s	5094.5	 the New York Times today. Okay, I'm going to read you the headlines on a single sort of scrolling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5100.1s	5100.1	 page here. Number one, inflation came in much faster than expected bad news for the Fed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5105.1s	5105.1	 Takeaways from another painful inflation report. Three disappointing inflation data keeps Democrats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5110.3s	5110.3	 on defense had a midterm elections for food prices climb again weighing on household budgets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5114.9s	5114.9	 Five rent inflation remain tepid a troubling sign. Six used car prices aren't declining as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5120.2s	5120.2	 much as economists. Slow down, slow down. Give Freeberg a chance to take some Xanax. Take his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5125.3s	5125.3	 Xanax Freeberg. Gas prices fall slightly but overall energy costs are soon expected to rise and eight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5131.3s	5131.3	 retirees are getting an 8.7% social security cost of living raise the biggest in decades. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5134.8s	5134.8	 guess that one is sort of positive but it's like literally negative headline after the New York
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5140.0s	5140.0	 Times. But can I reinterpret that for you? I think I think the way to think about it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5144.6s	5144.6	 this gives the Fed the resolve it needs. It's going to go by 75. It's probably going to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5149.2s	5149.2	 another 75. We're going to have rates by four to 450 to 5% probably within q1, which means if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5156.5s	5156.5	 trying to figure out where the bottom is, it's roughly now ish. And so that's why you see smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5161.1s	5161.1	 money David shaking this thing off and starting to enter the market. And so again, and the other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5166.9s	5166.9	 version interpretation is when rates are four or 5%, the cost of servicing United States debt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5172.9s	5172.9	 is so meaningful as a percentage of their budget, the incremental spend that they would need to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5178.4s	5178.4	 to enter a new war is too much, I think. I love this point. I love this point. We're we're we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5184.1s	5184.1	 weaving all these things together. Do we? Yeah, well, look, so, so, right. So on the economics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5189.1s	5189.1	 page of the New York Times, you it's just disasters headline after the disasters headline, then you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5193.3s	5193.3	 turn to the foreign policy page, you got Tom Friedman writing a column here, saying we are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5197.7s	5197.7	 suddenly taking on China and Russia at the same time. And Tom Friedman historically has been a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5201.2s	5201.2	 huge hawk. And he is even saying he's saying pump the brakes on the brakes, never fight Russia and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5207.4s	5207.4	 China at the same time. Yeah. So he says we are in uncharted water waters. I just hope these are not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5212.9s	5212.9	 our new forever wars. It's like, Whoa, so basically, look, our economic base, our economy is crumbling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5218.9s	5218.9	 at home at the same time that we are doing unprecedented saber rattling abroad. This does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5223.9s	5223.9	 not compute. We need to take a timeout. My prediction, but my prediction is that we will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5230.9s	5230.9	 not enter a new war with rates flexing up as aggressively as they are. I love it. I love weaving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5236.9s	5236.9	 these two stories together. I think it makes a lot of sense. We didn't have time for Alex Jones,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5241.3s	5241.3	 but we'll save that for another episode. Gentlemen, I think it's our best episode ever. It's an honor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5245.2s	5245.2	 and a privilege to spend this hour or so with you every week. I love you like brothers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5249.8s	5249.8	 And it's been a great hundred episodes. I look forward to a hundred more sacks. If you need a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5254.4s	5254.4	 mental health break, talk to Friedberg's psychiatrist. He's got him doped up. David, David will be back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5259.2s	5259.2	 next Friday. I just want to say, don't read your replies. Get off of that. I just want to say how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5263.7s	5263.7	 much I love you guys. And I'm really proud of what we've created. And I'm really excited to get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5268.9s	5268.9	 the next hundred and I'll see you guys tonight. I'll break out the white truffle. So we're all,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5274.5s	5274.5	 you want to keep going. That's the news today. I'm in for a Hyundai. I'm in for a Hyundai.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5279.5s	5279.5	 I love you, Saks. I will say that J. Cal's moderation has been a lot better since he got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5284.0s	5284.0	 brigaded. That is his way of saying he'll be, he'll see you next Friday. I love you guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5289.9s	5289.9	 It's been a hundred episodes. I love you, Tramatha. I love you, Friedberg. Let's see if we can get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5294.3s	5294.3	 Saks to do it. It's been a hundred episodes. He hasn't said it yet, but I love you, Saks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5298.1s	5298.1	 David, are you coming tonight? Saks, are you coming? Yeah, I'll come. I'll come. Oh, wait,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5302.1s	5302.1	 let me check. I'll get back to you offline. Jesus Christ. God, Jesus. Hold on a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5306.5s	5306.5	 Hold on a second. Saks. I love you. Let's see if we can say it. I love you. That's two going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5313.1s	5313.1	 around the horn. Can you say I love you? Can you say I love you? I see you. I see you. I love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5321.7s	5321.7	 Friedberg, I love you. I appreciate you. Oh, you appreciate. Okay. We got to back at you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5325.7s	5325.7	 And I appreciate you. You guys. That's a hundred baby. That's a hundred. We'll see you for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5330.0s	5330.0	 episode two. I love you, Tramatha. I'll see you tonight. Bye. Bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5360.0s	5360.0	 Oh, man. Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5363.0s	5363.0	 My appetizer will meet me at once. We should all just get a room and just have one big huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5367.4s	5367.4	 order because they're all just useless. It's like this like sexual tension that they just need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5371.1s	5371.1	 release somehow. What? You're the beef. What? You're the beef. What? We need to get merch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNCKO_crGE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=22&t=5379.4s	5379.4	 I'm doing all this.
