https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=0.0s	0.0	 Welcome everybody to episode 101. David Sachs is on vacation sitting in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4.9s	4.9	 Brad Gerstner from Altimeter Group. Welcome back to the pod. Brad, how you doing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=10.3s	10.3	 Good to be back. Good to be back. I mean, first, you first, you guys, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=14.6s	14.6	 tilted Friedberg and now a little bit on Sachs is getting attacked on Twitter. And so you roll me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=19.4s	19.4	 back in when we've got a little problem. Whenever the Brigadoons come out, Brad Gerstner comes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=25.6s	25.6	 I think Sachs will be okay. But shout out to Sachs. You know who probably hates the term
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=29.1s	29.1	 Brigadoons? The nitwits that are in the Brigadoons. The Brigadoons. It's all going to end at some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=36.5s	36.5	 point because I think the Brigadoons new ownership at Twitter is going to change like the whole span.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=42.0s	42.0	 That's a Rodgers and Hammerstein musical, right? Brigadoon. Yeah. Yeah. But now I think Brigadoons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=48.2s	48.2	 could stick. I don't, I've never heard anybody use that for the Brevators. Calling the Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=52.1s	52.1	 mob the Brigadoons is a good new thing. I like it. It's pejorative. It's funny. It softens everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=58.1s	58.1	 a little bit, tones it down. I like it. It feels goofy. It completely disempowers them. They really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=62.7s	62.7	 want to be taken seriously, but they're just a Brigadoon. I mean, to be a Brigadoon though,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=69.6s	69.6	 you have to have four or more accounts and you have to reply to each of those accounts as if it's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=74.6s	74.6	 actual conversation. Jake, how will you solo Brigadoon? Yeah. When you retweet something as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=79.6s	79.6	 a social justice warrior, as an example, you're trying to join the Brigadoon. Ah, got it. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=84.4s	84.4	 just a different Brigadoon. It's a Brigadoon. Jake, are you sometimes a Brigadoon, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=89.6s	89.6	 You've heard of Brigadoons, Jake? No, I'm not part of any Brigadoon. You're totally Brigadoon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=94.0s	94.0	 Come on. I do not know. Brigadoon. I've never, I've never been a Brigadoon. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=101.1s	101.1	 I may have been a Brigadoon once or twice for my burner account, but that's it. I mean.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=114.4s	114.4	 Well, anyway, Kanye West can't leave an amazing career alone and he is going to buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=131.1s	131.1	 Parlor, which apparently Candace Owen's husband, George Farmer, had created. So he's going to buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=135.9s	135.9	 his own social network. If you don't remember, Parlor is like a really shitty version of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=141.7s	141.7	 Twitter that never seems to have worked or been stable. It crashed the first 10 times I used it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=147.8s	147.8	 Miraculously, this steaming pile of garbage had raised 56 million in funding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=154.3s	154.3	 And Kanye is on a social media slash media tour saying horrific, anti-Semitic stuff. He seems to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=162.9s	162.9	 be having a mental breakdown again. There's a big discussion now, I guess. Should people be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=169.0s	169.0	 platforming them to the point that he's doing three, four, five hour interviews with people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=174.6s	174.6	 And it does seem like it's acute mental illness slash breakdown. I don't want to like diagnose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=180.7s	180.7	 anybody from afar here and I'm not qualified to do that. Well, I mean, he has been public about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=186.6s	186.6	 his struggles with mental illness. It's not a huge leap for any of us that have had family members
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=192.7s	192.7	 have manic episodes. I mean, this is clearly a manic. It's pretty much right out of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=197.5s	197.5	 textbook. So my question for you guys is what you have somebody with great wealth, great creativity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=204.7s	204.7	 He's obviously a savant in so many different categories with a huge social media following
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=210.6s	210.6	 plus money plus fame. And then you add social media to the mix, which is an accelerant. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=216.3s	216.3	 then all of these, you know, Tucker Carlson and every other publication, every podcast using this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=221.0s	221.0	 moment, I think in a way to kind of, I don't know, get ratings off of this train wreck,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=227.6s	227.6	 I find it appalling to interview somebody when they're in a manic episode like this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=230.9s	230.9	 I'll be totally honest, I wouldn't do it. What is your take on this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=234.7s	234.7	 I have a family member, a blood relative that is in severe mental health crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=243.1s	243.1	 If the emails and the text messages that this person sent were public,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=253.8s	253.8	 you I read these things and they've severely severely impacted me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=259.8s	259.8	 to the point now where I have like a rule that when they're in a manic episode,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=263.7s	263.7	 I just kind of harvest them and archive them just in case something bad happens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=268.4s	268.4	 But I can't even take the effort to read it and because it takes such a toll. And then I feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=274.3s	274.3	 really guilty because I think maybe there's a something in there where I could be missing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=279.7s	279.7	 something. So this is what when you're in the middle of a severe episode, this is what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=286.0s	286.0	 family and the loved ones of that person is also dealing with. So I have no idea what's happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=291.7s	291.7	 with Kanye, but what I would tell you is when you're in a manic episode, the more the thing that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=297.4s	297.4	 you need is for the people around you to try to step in to help you. And it's really freaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=301.8s	301.8	 hard. And I can tell you that I've seen this person in my family say things and do things that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=307.8s	307.8	 just so beyond the pale. Yeah. And it's part of when they're in that moment. And the whole goal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=315.0s	315.0	 is to try to get them out, get them back on their meds, get them rebalanced. It's a really, really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=320.4s	320.4	 complicated thing to deal with. Well, look, I mean, the guy's buying a social media platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=329.1s	329.1	 I think it continues to support the point that I've made a few times, which is I don't think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=334.4s	334.4	 anyone has a monopoly in social media networks. We've seen every couple of years competitors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=341.1s	341.1	 emerge, people proclaim monopoly, those monopolies get destroyed by the next thing, you know, from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=348.6s	348.6	 Friendster to MySpace to Facebook to Instagram to Snapchat to TikTok. And I think that the reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=357.8s	357.8	 is the users of those platforms ultimately coalesce around a set of standards they want to see happen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=363.4s	363.4	 on that platform. And those standards become kind of the editorialized or produced model for how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=368.3s	368.3	 that platform should operate. Because that's what the users say, they don't want anti-Semitism,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=372.5s	372.5	 they don't want what they would call kind of challenging an institution, they don't want fake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=376.6s	376.6	 news, whatever the classification is, there is an editor or an editorial board that editorializes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=382.6s	382.6	 what is and isn't allowed to be said on that platform. And ultimately, there is a fringe voice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=387.4s	387.4	 or a voice that feels unheard or feels like it cannot speak on that platform. And what we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=392.2s	392.2	 seeing now with, I think, Elon acquiring Twitter and Kanye acquiring Parler, and generally a number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=398.7s	398.7	 of kind of emerging networks, like what's it called Rumbler as an alternative to YouTube,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=404.6s	404.6	 is a really clear indication. Rumble? What's it called? Rumble, I think? Rumble. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=408.7s	408.7	 there's no, I think it's a really clear supporting fact that there are going to be alternatives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=415.2s	415.2	 And that these what we thought were monopolies, and what kind of became digital town squares,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=419.6s	419.6	 and almost infrastructure are really just application layers, they're editorialized,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=424.2s	424.2	 and there are going to be competitors. And I think there are folks that want to have a voice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=427.6s	427.6	 that feel like they've been editorialized out of the existing networks, like Kanye, like Trump,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=433.3s	433.3	 like Elon to some degree. And they're, you know, those that have resources, they're changing that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=439.1s	439.1	 And I think that speaks to a really healthy competitive market. So having folks like Kanye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=443.8s	443.8	 step in and try and create a new platform that has alternative voices, long term, I believe in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=449.3s	449.3	 freedom of speech, I believe that we should have alternative voices. But I also believe that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=452.7s	452.7	 consumers and customers should be able to choose what platform they want to be on based on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=457.6s	457.6	 editorialization that happens on those platforms. And I do believe that the owners of those platforms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=462.0s	462.0	 should have their own rules because it creates a different differentiated product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=464.9s	464.9	 Jason, is that what you were hoping to get comment on? Or this idea of the media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=470.6s	470.6	 feeding on Kanye's mental breakdown?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=473.2s	473.2	 Yeah, I was talking about the media frenzy. That's the thing that I think is pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=476.4s	476.4	 apparent here. In fact, YouTube just pulled a bunch of the interviews he did recently,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=480.0s	480.0	 because there's so much anti semitic stuff in it. And, you know, when somebody's in a mental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=484.9s	484.9	 breakdown like this, which I think it's pretty clear he's in, you know, they do this behavior.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=490.5s	490.5	 And of course, it's hurting them. It's to your point, you know, I'm sure it's hurting his kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=495.0s	495.0	 or ex wives, or ex wife and you know, can I ask, can I ask, who do you think is to decide that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=504.6s	504.6	 Because he's done interviews where he said, I have episodes and those episodes actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=508.6s	508.6	 provide me with creativity and brilliance. Yeah, I think it's up to the person, the person who is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=513.4s	513.4	 the host of that show who has to make an editorial decision. And so Tucker Carlson is going for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=517.8s	517.8	 ratings, or if somebody else does it, and they want the ratings, because Kanye is a big name,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=522.3s	522.3	 that's, you know, I get it. He's a great get, right? And if you're somebody who likes to interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=526.7s	526.7	 people, that's like a lifetime get that could be the get that, you know, makes people learn about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=530.7s	530.7	 your podcast. I just think it's unethical to do that when somebody is suffering like that to then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=536.4s	536.4	 feature them and to platform them in order to get your own ratings. That's a personal decision.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=541.0s	541.0	 Let me ask you a different question, though. So I wouldn't do it. Would you hold him accountable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=546.2s	546.2	 for what he said? Well, this and this is the nuance, you know, and I think we do have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=552.3s	552.3	 think about that because anti semitism exists in the world, he's got a big fan base, that means if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=560.2s	560.2	 he's got people in his fan base who are also having a manic episode, they could then be inspired by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=565.5s	565.5	 what he's saying to do something horrific and cause real world harm. And this is where, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=571.6s	571.6	 the accelerant of social media, I think is particularly dangerous to mob, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=575.6s	575.6	 in the old days, if somebody said this stuff on a talk show, maybe they don't air it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=579.2s	579.2	 where they say it, it's in the newspapers. But when he can have a continuing dialogue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=583.0s	583.0	 across many podcasts a week, he's done like 10 podcasts in the last week, he'll go on air
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=587.0s	587.0	 with anybody. And then he has whatever 10s of millions of followers, he's reaching hundreds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=591.8s	591.8	 millions of people, all you need is one person who's mentally ill, to then go do some horrible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=596.5s	596.5	 thing in the world that we've seen happen many times. And that's what I'm concerned about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=600.6s	600.6	 You have to understand your that it's the law of big numbers, basically, tomorrow, there's a large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=605.0s	605.0	 number of people. Yeah, just to give you a sense of it, you know, when this family member
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=609.4s	609.4	 of mine, you know, we've had, we've had to have interventions, we've had police, we've had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=617.8s	617.8	 the government get involved in Canada. We had had their driver's license taken away, then I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=625.1s	625.1	 it is an unbelievably complicated set of interventions. And I am so thankful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=633.3s	633.3	 that she doesn't have massive social media awareness, because it would just be chaos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=644.9s	644.9	 And I would hate that, you know, because of their association to me that this person gets more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=650.6s	650.6	 attention than they should in a moment where what they really need is help. And I think that that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=656.1s	656.1	 it should be the governing principle in moments like this, where if a bunch of your family members
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=660.4s	660.4	 or your healthcare providers or whatever, can raise their hand and say, Hey, hold on a second,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=664.8s	664.8	 this is completely off the rails, you know, freeburg to your point, I don't think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=670.1s	670.1	 editorial freedom matters in that point. I think there's just a more humane idea around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=675.0s	675.0	 get this person off the airwaves and like, allow themselves to get out of that loop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=680.6s	680.6	 Settle down. Yeah. Yeah. And and typically, what happens is that, you know, these folks at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=686.2s	686.2	 Lee again, and just in my experience, will have titrated medicine well. And then when that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=692.2s	692.2	 titration fails, their ability to regulate their emotions fail. And this is the loop that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=698.4s	698.4	 enter. And, you know, you really have to find a way of like taking all of these mechanisms off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=703.5s	703.5	 the table, so that they can re regulate themselves. And I think that as a society, we have to sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=710.1s	710.1	 move towards that so that if, you know, family members can call Twitter or Facebook or Instagram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=715.8s	715.8	 or whatever and say, Listen, you're the doctor, you know, here's a here's the doctor's note, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=720.6s	720.6	 you have to be able to shut this stuff down, because you have to mute all of these other things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=725.9s	725.9	 so that this person can then get back into a mode where they re regulate. That should be the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=731.0s	731.0	 priority. Yeah, compassion for the person. Yeah. It's not forgiving what they say. But it is having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=738.6s	738.6	 maybe a little bit more compassion that moment to get them back to their, to their true self.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=743.3s	743.3	 This one's a little easy to say, Hey, Kanye is having a mental breakdown, because he's talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=747.0s	747.0	 about mental illness in the past. It's a lot harder to make these, you know, supposed determinations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=751.4s	751.4	 as a reporter or podcast host. If someone says something crazy, and then it's easy to raise your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=757.1s	757.1	 hand and say, Hey, they're crazy, cut it out. Or there's some mental health issue going on here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=761.3s	761.3	 But freeburg, if he's not, if he's not having a mental issue right now, then he is a horrible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=766.1s	766.1	 human being who is an anti Semite, who is spreading just the most vitriolic, horrible things you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=772.7s	772.7	 tropes you could ever imagine at a time when you know, there's enough division in the country,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=778.0s	778.0	 and somebody could get hurt, you know. So either in either case, his accounts have to get paused,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=784.2s	784.2	 if he's going to say anti Semitic stuff on them. I mean, that's that I mean, there's there's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=789.2s	789.2	 clear guidelines across all these platforms on what's inappropriate. And certainly, I think folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=793.5s	793.5	 will start to adhere to I guess if I had anything to contribute, I mean, I think Chumas said this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=798.4s	798.4	 well about a mental health angle. But what I would say is, I actually think that the social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=805.8s	805.8	 platforms have done a reasonably good job. The fact that he's buying parlor, I think is evidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=811.1s	811.1	 of the fact that there actually is an editorial layer. Yeah, that's doing a reasonable job. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=816.6s	816.6	 a tough decision. There's always going to be a long tail of podcasts, somebody will, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=823.0s	823.0	 somebody will go grift off of, you know, an episode or whatever. But I think, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=828.7s	828.7	 a few years ago, we were talking about no editorial standards. And I think today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=833.7s	833.7	 you know, across these platforms, obviously, there's attention, there's attention that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=838.1s	838.1	 existed for 100 years plus around free speech. On these platforms, I get that tension. But I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=845.5s	845.5	 a little credit where credits do we're seeing, we're not seeing these memes spread like wildfire,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=851.8s	851.8	 in part because the platforms with the most reach are doing their job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=857.2s	857.2	 snaps down 30% today. Do you guys see this? I think it's it's related, in the sense that everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=862.6s	862.6	 historically talked about social networks as being these, you know, the network effect where,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=867.8s	867.8	 you know, multiple people get on and they link up with each other, it's harder and harder to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=871.0s	871.0	 break the network and gets bigger and more valuable and can generate more revenue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=875.6s	875.6	 Clearly not happened over the years with Twitter, to the degree that people thought it should have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=880.1s	880.1	 And now clearly it's not happening with snap. I think it also speaks to this idea of fragmentation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=884.6s	884.6	 I don't know if you guys want to talk about snap, but pretty significant decline from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=889.2s	889.2	 Well, here's the 160, they were 160 billion market cap. And today they're trading at 12.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=894.5s	894.5	 They're down 91% from peak to trap 91%. Here's the important thing to note, which is that if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=900.3s	900.3	 you look at the MAU growth of snap, it's actually been extremely steady. And they've had an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=907.4s	907.4	 incredible march forward. And I think that they're roughly around 350 million. Nick, I'll send you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=913.2s	913.2	 the DAUs, right? I'll send you the link. Yeah, I think it's like the Dow is incredible. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=919.0s	919.0	 incredible. So it's like, yeah, it's a service that is incrementally every day more relied upon than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=926.1s	926.1	 the day before. And it's a service that's providing a set of features that is incrementally more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=930.8s	930.8	 important to a larger and larger group of people. So how do you then square that with its stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=937.3s	937.3	 performance? And in my opinion, I'll just be really honest with you. And I don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=941.8s	941.8	 Evan Spiegel, and I've never trafficked in Snapchat at all. Okay. But it is the most glaring example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=950.7s	950.7	 of corporate misgovernance that has ever happened on the internet. And the reason is when you look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=957.9s	957.9	 at what happened in the IPO, it basically created a governance structure where the common shareholder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=966.5s	966.5	 had all voting power taken away. So 100% effectively, the de facto voting power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=973.0s	973.0	 stayed with the class that was held by the founders. And so you do not have a normal check
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=980.1s	980.1	 and balance. And it was egregious. Other companies would have voting programs where it was 20 to 1.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=987.4s	987.4	 And you would sometimes say, oh, it should only should be 10 to 1, or it should be 50 to 1. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=992.6s	992.6	 was like 100 to 0. And what you have now is no real feedback loop, because there is no person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1001.8s	1001.8	 who can own enough equity with enough say to sit across the table from that CEO and say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1008.8s	1008.8	 here's what you're not seeing. And here's what you're getting wrong. And I think you're always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1015.0s	1015.0	 better off by having those kinds of people be able to get a meeting with you in the first place,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1021.9s	1021.9	 and have a vested interest where you take them seriously. But how would you receive a meeting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1028.6s	1028.6	 when you're sitting across the table from somebody in the back of mind, you're like, wow, this person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1032.3s	1032.3	 has literally no say in what I do after this meeting ends, literally none. You can't vote even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1040.2s	1040.2	 to even it's different than alphabet and meta at 10 to 1 because they both have dual class, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1045.4s	1045.4	 Yeah, Brad, what do you think? I think zero is, in my opinion, a deep sign of disrespect.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1053.8s	1053.8	 I think you can I think you can agree. You know that there is a separation between,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1062.1s	1062.1	 you know, the voice of the common shareholder in these companies and the direction of the companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1066.5s	1066.5	 but I think it obscures what's going on. Chamath, I totally agree with you. If you look at usage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1071.8s	1071.8	 the number of customers walking into the store snaps gone from 265 to 360 million DAUs, Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1079.6s	1079.6	 190 to 240 meta from 1.8 to two over the course of the last three years, they're all growing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1086.2s	1086.2	 more people are walking into the store and using the service. The story here is all about pricing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1092.9s	1092.9	 How much is each of those users worth? I mean, Apple is the apex predator of this entire market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1099.8s	1099.8	 we wouldn't be having this conversation, but for the fact that Apple's changes with IDFA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1106.2s	1106.2	 literally pickpocketed the industry $2 billion this year under the auspices of privacy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1113.7s	1113.7	 And so if you look at these companies usage up pricing or ARPU down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1120.7s	1120.7	 OK, recently, Apple's come under a bunch of pressure. So now they're out with SCAD 4,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1125.5s	1125.5	 which is their update to the ad policy post IDFA. That allows you to target advertisers or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1135.0s	1135.0	 individuals with 10,000 attributes instead of 100 attributes. So we're going to see some realignment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1141.0s	1141.0	 I expect that the real question is what happens to ARPU next year. But to me, the story here is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1147.8s	1147.8	 the usage and the health of these core platforms is remarkably sticky. For all the things we say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1154.7s	1154.7	 about Instagram, I mean, TikTok has had explosive growth, 30% growth each of the last three years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1160.5s	1160.5	 But even the incumbent platforms, really sticky usage. This is about how they're monetizing those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1166.4s	1166.4	 users. And the real story is Apple. Yeah. And if you for people who don't know IDFA is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1171.7s	1171.7	 identifier for advertisers. Some people refer to it as made mobile ID, ad ID, I'm sorry. And so what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1178.9s	1178.9	 that does is it lets you track a user anonymously across their usage on a phone and then attribute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1186.2s	1186.2	 any clicks to a sale. Have you ever owned Snapchat stock? No. Why not? Certainly governance is a key
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1194.3s	1194.3	 component of it. But the second thing is- Do you have any belief that you could even get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1201.0s	1201.0	 meeting with the CEO and management where they would listen to you appropriately?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1205.1s	1205.1	 We've certainly got meetings with management before. So yes, I believe we could, whether or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1211.5s	1211.5	 not that impacts how they build product, how they run the business, the influence, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1218.0s	1218.0	 But again, I think that's not really the problem here. But the point I would totally agree with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1224.5s	1224.5	 you on, Shema, we've had 10 years where the cost of capital was zero. 10 years of hypergrowth for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1233.9s	1233.9	 these social networks. In each of the last five years, Facebook has hired more people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1240.2s	1240.2	 in each of the last five years than they had 10 years after the company was founded.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1245.6s	1245.6	 So as we've seen this growth begin to turn over, I have seen the companies really slow to react,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1254.4s	1254.4	 to right size their behavior that they had over the course of the last decade,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1259.6s	1259.6	 to put themselves in a position to compete for the next decade. So it's one thing just to throw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1265.4s	1265.4	 your hands in the air and say, well, this is all Apple. We couldn't do anything about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1269.7s	1269.7	 But we really haven't seen leadership in terms of cost control. We all know these companies-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1276.2s	1276.2	 Snap did do, yeah, of the major companies, Brad, Snap did do a 20% riff. They had 6,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1281.2s	1281.2	 employees or so and they cut 20%. Facebook is the one that's perplexing because they seem to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1287.4s	1287.4	 massively over staffed, as you talked about, and they have been massively,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1292.0s	1292.0	 they've had a massive decline in their stock price and they are the one who is affected most by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1297.5s	1297.5	 what Apple did in terms of app tracking transparency is-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1302.9s	1302.9	 I think that there's a perception though. I mean, I'm still stuck on this issue. I really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1306.8s	1306.8	 think that stock prices tend to ebb and flow based on sort of like friction or momentum.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1316.8s	1316.8	 And when there's momentum, more and more people can easily underwrite it. And when there's friction,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1321.7s	1321.7	 fewer and fewer people can underwrite it. And so I think that if you are a CEO of a public company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1326.9s	1326.9	 you have to think about how many headwinds do I have and how many tailwinds do I have all the time?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1331.8s	1331.8	 And some of them are in your control and some of them are not. At least in the case of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1336.2s	1336.2	 Metta, as with Apple and Google, Metta is forced to copy the best decisions of these bigger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1346.1s	1346.1	 companies. Why? Because they were one of those biggest. Now they may have been the smallest of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1350.6s	1350.6	 the biggest, but it's going to be very hard for Metta eventually to not converge on those same set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1357.2s	1357.2	 of decisions. And the most important one is what Brad just alluded to, which is that there was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1362.2s	1362.2	 point in 2016 and 2017 where you literally could not give away Apple stock. And the big turn of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1369.5s	1369.5	 dial and you know, some say it was Carl Icahn, who knows, was this theoretically this famous dinner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1375.5s	1375.5	 that Carl Icahn had with Tim Cook, where he laid out a plan and it's like, listen, you need to start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1380.9s	1380.9	 managing costs better, managing op ex better return a ton of cash, buy back the stock, and you'll be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1389.4s	1389.4	 darling. And Tim Cook was rewarded. And he's he's been rewarded with an incredibly performant company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1396.6s	1396.6	 And so, you know, Google is slowly inching towards that plan. Microsoft is in that plan. And so the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1403.1s	1403.1	 only big four horsemen that hasn't really gotten the script yet is Metta, but they will. It's just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1408.2s	1408.2	 we're just debating when. And so there's a perception that, you know, Metta will copy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1416.2s	1416.2	 what the rest of these big guys do. But these other long tail companies, the headwinds are just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1422.1s	1422.1	 greater. And so when you, you know, don't have a company that can be broadly owned by intelligent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1428.5s	1428.5	 thoughtful investors, that's a headwind, right? When you give nobody votes, that's a headwind.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1435.3s	1435.3	 And so that's why you see a company that's continuing to grow impact, not being able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1441.1s	1441.1	 translate that into economics. And if I were the board of that company, that should be a wake up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1446.2s	1446.2	 call, because eventually that will flow into the morale of the employees and the ability to retain,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1450.9s	1450.9	 and then the ability to invest in the future. And I think the simple answer is enough with all these,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1456.6s	1456.6	 you know, gymnastics around control. You know, if you looked at Elon, the most incredible thing from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1462.7s	1462.7	 day one was there's common stock, you know, and his whole thing was like, I'm just going to do the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1468.8s	1468.8	 best. And you know what, if I'm not the best, I'm going to be out. He literally said he is you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1473.8s	1473.8	 want to vote me out, vote me out, vote me out. He's never ever played these games. So in this funny way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1479.1s	1479.1	 control is a symbol of a lack of ability to run the business. Masterful mastery of a business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1486.0s	1486.0	 you can translate that to being I'm just going to have common stock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1489.4s	1489.4	 Well, I mean, historical argument, by the way, tracking back to the high voting class for founders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1496.9s	1496.9	 was that they would be challenged by the investors in the market. And you can see the things that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1501.1s	1501.1	 Carl Icahn and others ask for. They say, we want to see you cut OPEX, we want to see you pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1506.5s	1506.5	 dividends, we want to see you buy back stock, and we want to see you grow. And so the trade off then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1512.5s	1512.5	 in the mind of a founder that started this business and scaled it to billions in revenue is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1518.0s	1518.0	 well, that means I've got to make short term decisions over long term decisions. I've got to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1522.2s	1522.2	 make, I got to give up some of my long term opportunities to trade for my short term
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1526.2s	1526.2	 opportunity. That's that was the argument, I think, originally, for the voting class.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1529.6s	1529.6	 And you can read this in Google's founders letter as well. Does that not apply?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1533.8s	1533.8	 Any founders at Google don't even show up at the company. Why do they have to have super voting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1540.0s	1540.0	 control? They don't probably even know what's going on inside the company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1543.2s	1543.2	 It might have been argument like, I just want to hit on Zuck's point, because Zuck has said, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1550.9s	1550.9	 this VR AR metaverse stuff in the future is everything. This is where I want to invest our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1556.3s	1556.3	 resources. Is it what happened? But look what happened. They made a missive. They said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1561.0s	1561.0	 we're going in this direction. Investors really smart, thoughtful, supportive investors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1565.3s	1565.3	 including Brad were like, hold on, check your check your roll. And they capitulated. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1571.4s	1571.4	 to your point, did super voting control come into play there? No, of course, he could have said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1576.0s	1576.0	 you know what, guys, pound sand, I'm going to do what I want. Instead, he's like, I'm a smart guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1580.6s	1580.6	 These guys are smart guys. So I'm going to make the smart decision. So in my opinion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1584.4s	1584.4	 all of these things are red herrings. These are in directions. Right? So this idea of I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1588.6s	1588.6	 just going to take my toys out of the sandbox, like a crying baby is what super voting control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1593.5s	1593.5	 means to me as a shareholder. Brad, do you think the era of super voting control for founders,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1598.5s	1598.5	 taking companies public is over? Nope.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1601.8s	1601.8	 Should it be? You know, I think it's again, when Facebook was doing really great, and Snapchat was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1609.0s	1609.0	 doing great, nobody complained about super voting stock. Okay. So I think that, you know, my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1616.2s	1616.2	 preference would be that I partner with a company where I know the founder, whether irrespective of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1622.6s	1622.6	 their votes, right, listens, cares, and has the mental flexibility to make course corrections.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1630.1s	1630.1	 Right. And the reality of what I'm trying to point to, we have lived through a decade of excess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1636.0s	1636.0	 Everybody knows all these companies could do exactly the same revenue. David, this is the push
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1642.6s	1642.6	 back to your point, unlike what the Google argument was exactly the same revenue, with vastly less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1649.4s	1649.4	 investment in terms of people, etc. Right. A 20% riff at Metta would literally only take them back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1658.4s	1658.4	 to where their personnel expense was in 2021. Yeah, nobody argued in 2021. They said they were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1666.5s	1666.5	 going to do this too, Brad, right? And just hasn't happened yet. This is this is part of the problem,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1671.0s	1671.0	 Jay, Cal. Everybody so why 10%? Why 10%? You've doubled the number of people working in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1678.1s	1678.1	 business over the last few years. Right? There's nothing magical about 10%. The real question is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1683.4s	1683.4	 what is the optimal number of employees to produce the best outcome for our customers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1688.2s	1688.2	 and our advertisers? And what Bill Gurley has pounded on, and we've all talked a lot about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1693.6s	1693.6	 there has been in a zero cost of capital world, a unilateral march, two more, more of everything,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1701.6s	1701.6	 invest in everything, hire more people. Silicon Valley would do itself a favor. These big companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1708.4s	1708.4	 vacuumed up every single engineer in Silicon Valley. They ought to return that pool to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1713.0s	1713.0	 startups that are actually inventing the future. They don't need this money employees. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1717.4s	1717.4	 last night I read a report came across Bloomberg that the Elon's talking about 75% reduction at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1724.5s	1724.5	 Twitter. Yeah, so that would leave Twitter just to give people some context here. That was in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1728.7s	1728.7	 originated in the Washington Post that would take them from around 7500 workers to maybe 2000 1800.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1735.0s	1735.0	 So he's starting from first principles. How many people do I need to build the next generation of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1742.2s	1742.2	 Twitter? That's the question. Start with a blank sheet of paper and ask that question, you'll come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1747.3s	1747.3	 up with very different answers. I think that you can correlate these kinds of governance overreaches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1757.9s	1757.9	 with zero interest rates. That dog doesn't hunt when rates are at four or 5%. I don't care who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1763.6s	1763.6	 you think you are. But when you try to go public in over the next four or five years, if rates are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1769.0s	1769.0	 sustained, you know, three, four or 5%, that will be the check on all of these people's overreach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1776.2s	1776.2	 because you will have, you know, liquid alternatives that on a risk adjusted basis seem better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1782.4s	1782.4	 And when rates are zero, and everybody was forced to own tech, we all gave up our standards,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1789.0s	1789.0	 we all stopped saying, you know, oh, you know, the things that we used to think were important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1793.1s	1793.1	 before, like one person one vote, you know, a check between the board and the CEO, a check between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1801.5s	1801.5	 the executives and the shareholders, they'd all went out the window, no discipline, no hygiene,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1806.8s	1806.8	 right? Because when interest rates are at 0%, you have to remember, right, how does how does the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1813.4s	1813.4	 structural basics of the financial markets work? It is meant to make money on behalf of every single
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1821.8s	1821.8	 entity and person and thing in the world from a pension fund to a university to a research lab to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1826.6s	1826.6	 a government to an individual. But in that ability to make money, when we took interest rates to zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1834.1s	1834.1	 40% of what we all used to own bonds yielded nothing. And so we just completely whipsawed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1843.2s	1843.2	 the other side and said, we need to own anything that grows. So tech got a disproportionate amount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1848.5s	1848.5	 of attention. But in that we lost our standards. And we are now going to go through the hangover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1854.4s	1854.4	 of dealing with it. And so, you know, snap will be an example of where investors are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1859.4s	1859.4	 abandon that company. Because because it's just there's no point. There's no governance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1866.4s	1866.4	 there's no ability to have a conversation. It's in the too hard bucket. So people will just leave it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1871.8s	1871.8	 it'll be stranded and it'll be a refugee in the public markets. I think meta will be fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1877.9s	1877.9	 eventually, because I think that they will revert to the mean and the mean is Microsoft, Google and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1882.2s	1882.2	 Apple, and we already know what that playbook looks like. So I think what Brad predicts is more likely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1887.6s	1887.6	 than unlikely. And I think in the future, to David Friedberg's point, I think it'll be very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1893.0s	1893.0	 hard to justify these things, you know, bankers will be able to push back, because the buy side,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1898.3s	1898.3	 ultimately guys like us who have to buy the stock when these things go public will say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1902.2s	1902.2	 Nope, you want to have these you want to have these dumb governance games? No, not for me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1907.3s	1907.3	 I'll just go buy something else. I'll go buy more Tesla, where it's one person one vote.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1911.8s	1911.8	 Why, you know, so it's hard when the best CEO in the world is like, judge me, keep me fire me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1920.6s	1920.6	 on an equal basis, and everybody else is like, I'm smarter than this guy. And so you know what,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1925.1s	1925.1	 let me make sure that whenever I feel like it, I can throw a temper tantrum and take my toys out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1929.1s	1929.1	 the sandbox. And let's use it. There's an analogy here doesn't work. Look at look at Steve Jobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1934.2s	1934.2	 ousted from his own company, company made a huge mistake ousting him. Some people argue it was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1939.2s	1939.2	 learning experience for Steve to get better at his job, he comes back, and he absolutely turns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1944.2s	1944.2	 the company around. So there's an example. Thus far, you've proven that the two most impactful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1949.4s	1949.4	 and important CEOs of the last 50 years had the courage to basically say, let my performance do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1954.6s	1954.6	 the talking, not my protective nanny control. Correct. And Steve's performance was light in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1961.1s	1961.1	 that first period, he had some problems, and he learned, and he still won. But this is what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1966.1s	1966.1	 greats do the greats know how to perform not, you know, use some no trade clause to make sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1971.8s	1971.8	 that you can just sit there and underperform forever. Do we think Brad, when we get to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1976.2s	1976.2	 sort of macro look at this, let's assume we're in this four or five or three, four or 5% interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1981.9s	1981.9	 rate for some extended period of time, let's call it a decade. What does the tech industry look like?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1987.8s	1987.8	 Because it does seem if Elon does with Twitter, what seems to have been leaked here correctly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=1994.0s	1994.0	 according to our reports. And there's a 20% riff at Facebook, and we start to see people take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2001.1s	2001.1	 medicine is that the ultimate setup for now? Hey, these companies are being run to throw off cash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2007.8s	2007.8	 And we have some way out of this, what people think is going to be a very hard landing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2013.2s	2013.2	 Well, I mean, you know, first, just let's talk about, you know, where rates are, you know, today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2018.9s	2018.9	 you know, we're at four, three on the on the 10 year, I mean, technologies performed incredibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2024.2s	2024.2	 well for a long period of time with rates in this in this range. So the adjustment period
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2031.0s	2031.0	 is very difficult. Right. And so when you when you look at the convexity, and going from 0%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2037.1s	2037.1	 interest rates to four and a half, like that has been a shock to the system, it has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2041.8s	2041.8	 destabilizing to multiples, multiples were basically infinite last year. And now multiples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2047.8s	2047.8	 have come back to reality. And so I don't question in fact, I actually think free capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2055.2s	2055.2	 was a weapon of economic destruction. Right? Free capital hurt good companies from being great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2061.0s	2061.0	 companies. They hired too many people, their margins were too low, you know, soft bank funding,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2066.7s	2066.7	 all of these rideshare companies around the world to compete with Uber meant that Uber even though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2070.8s	2070.8	 they're a market leader, did not have market leadership economics. And so the ringing out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2076.7s	2076.7	 of the system of that excess that grift that stupidity, that's going to be good for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2083.1s	2083.1	 fundamentals of these business, but the transition from, you know, that low rate environment to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2088.4s	2088.4	 high rate of our it's dislocating for investors, it's dislocating for management at these companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2093.7s	2093.7	 and it's going to be this this is not, you know, a six month phenomena, we're going to have two years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2099.6s	2099.6	 of ringing out, right, because there's no bailout here by the Fed, there's no v shape recovery for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2105.5s	2105.5	 these companies, this is now going to be I heard somebody say this week, if the last 10 years was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2110.4s	2110.4	 about beta, the next 10 years is about alpha, not all companies are going to do well, not all companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2117.8s	2117.8	 are going to bounce back, this is going to be about what companies have the courage to build great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2124.2s	2124.2	 products and to drive a great business model that allows them to compete and continue to invest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2130.4s	2130.4	 at high rates in the next wave of innovation, whether it's AI, etc. And so, you know, to me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2137.8s	2137.8	 the markets, J Cal have largely put in a box at this point, inflation and rates, right, rates have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2145.2s	2145.2	 come up 65% in the, you know, from 2.7 to four three in the last 60 days, and the markets basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2151.9s	2151.9	 sideways, it's down five to 10%, rates are up another 10% in the last two weeks, and Google and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2157.6s	2157.6	 Apple are up. That tells me that the markets gotten, you know, gotten its arms around rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2163.8s	2163.8	 and inflation, what the market really is worried about now are two things. Number one is earnings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2169.3s	2169.3	 And number two is the long tail of risks. On earnings, there's kind of a conventional wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2175.0s	2175.0	 emerging from from many folks that 3200 is the bottom or maybe 2700, the bottom that we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2182.8s	2182.8	 to go from 225 and in S&P earnings back to 200. That seems to me to be, you know, again, a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2191.5s	2191.5	 people making that bet, I don't see any evidence in q3 earnings, United Health Care, United Airlines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2198.2s	2198.2	 Schlumberger, Tesla, etc. Their earnings are up on a year over year basis. They've guided now to q4,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2205.4s	2205.4	 their earnings are going to be up on a year over year basis. And the consensus expectations in q1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2210.9s	2210.9	 are that earnings are going to be up on a year over year basis. To go from 225 down to 200,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2217.7s	2217.7	 it can't just be a slowing of the rate of growth of earnings, you have to reverse course entirely.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2222.5s	2222.5	 So we have to see something we're not seeing yet. So on an earnings growth, that's where the market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2227.0s	2227.0	 there's some tension in the market. Then finally, what I would say is there are a lot of big brains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2231.1s	2231.1	 in the world who look at this level of dislocation, rates going on the two year or on the front end of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2236.9s	2236.9	 the curve from zero to four and a half. And Druckenmiller or Soros would say negative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2242.2s	2242.2	 reflexivity. Shit breaks when you have this much volatility in the world. The world is not equipped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2248.6s	2248.6	 to deal with these exponential moves. And so there's a lot of concern in the world, whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2253.0s	2253.0	 it's about Ukraine, Taiwan, UK bonds, the Japanese yen, nobody knows what it will be. But they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2261.7s	2261.7	 just saying demand a higher margin of safety because the propensity, the likelihood that shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2267.1s	2267.1	 breaks when you have this much dislocation is higher. So the proverbial black swan could come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2272.3s	2272.3	 any minute and cause another downdraft. But last year we were all sitting here and said asymmetry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2279.4s	2279.4	 to the downside. Multiples at all time high, interest rates at all time low. We saw that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2285.0s	2285.0	 starting to roll over. We saw smart people, Elon, Bezos, et cetera, start to sell into it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2289.8s	2289.8	 As I sit here today, yes, we're going to have harder times ahead economically, but it feels to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2295.4s	2295.4	 me like a lot of it is priced in. I don't think we have huge asymmetry and skew to the downside.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2300.5s	2300.5	 I think that's like fighting the last battle. It's not to say in this distribution of probabilities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2305.7s	2305.7	 one of those events can occur. But from my vantage, when stocks, the average stock down 20%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2311.9s	2311.9	 stocks like Meta down 50 to 60%, a lot of stocks down 70, 80, 90, that doesn't seem like the time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2319.3s	2319.3	 to call the big short. That seems like a time to be neutral to positive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2325.4s	2325.4	 Should we go to TVPI, DPI, and talk about the privates?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2329.1s	2329.1	 Well, I just want to say one thing about your prior question, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2334.5s	2334.5	 ties into some of what Brad said. But you asked the question about, does this mean that these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2339.7s	2339.7	 companies are now going to cut costs and start spitting out cash? I think there is certainly a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2344.2s	2344.2	 market incentive to do that to keep share prices up. And the companies that can do that are certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2349.7s	2349.7	 taking action with the headcount reduction across some of the big guys. What I think is going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2357.0s	2357.0	 interesting and what a lot of people are watching is how many of the small and mid cap guys can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2361.4s	2361.4	 actually do that. And those that can't, it will become pretty evident pretty fast, and they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2367.9s	2367.9	 going to end up in the shitter. You're talking to a palaton or something like that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2373.0s	2373.0	 Doesn't matter across SAS, across consumer, across D to C, across hardware. Everyone is now saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2379.0s	2379.0	 can you actually earn? And at this point, you should have enough scale that you should be able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2383.9s	2383.9	 to earn. And if you cannot, the market will punish you for it. And that's certainly what seems to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2388.7s	2388.7	 the incentive and the pressure on the buy side to the executives across all these organizations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2395.2s	2395.2	 today. So I think that's a big trend of what's happening right now is everyone's going through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2399.0s	2399.0	 their portfolio, spending time with management and asking, can you earn? Can you actually get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2403.9s	2403.9	 this business to generate cash? What is the path? Show it to me, prove it to me in the quarterly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2408.6s	2408.6	 results. And if you can't, then you're not fitting in a bucket that I can own you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2413.1s	2413.1	 The only irony there, Friedberg, is that that comes as a surprise. God forbid we should actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2419.6s	2419.6	 expect companies to prove unit economics and to make profits. When your interest rate is zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2425.9s	2425.9	 divide by zero, you get infinity. So you were able to explain everything away into the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2430.8s	2430.8	 Now you actually have an interest rate at 5%. I'm not going to pay a lot more than 20 times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2438.2s	2438.2	 earnings, and I want to see that that's really my earnings. I want to see that you can actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2441.2s	2441.2	 earn. There is a person at Brad's investor day who Brad interviewed, and I won't say his name,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2447.1s	2447.1	 but he's a star of stars. He's a bit of a goat. And he had, I'll just say the generalized version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2453.3s	2453.3	 of what he said. And said the following, which is so true. It's like we've gone through an entire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2460.9s	2460.9	 decade of under training an entire generation of people in Silicon Valley. You know, we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2467.8s	2467.8	 under under trained and under mentored the product managers, the engineers, the senior executive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2473.8s	2473.8	 management, the CEOs. Many of these people, unfortunately, are not. They don't have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2480.1s	2480.1	 skill set to execute at a high level at any point in the cycle, except when rates were zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2486.0s	2486.0	 like many business models. And now that rates are not at zero, these people are turning out to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2491.0s	2491.0	 extremely underdeveloped and unable to run these businesses. And when he said that it really struck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2497.0s	2497.0	 a chord because he's right. And you know, he was also saying it just got even more exacerbated in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2503.2s	2503.2	 this era of remote work. Because now there is even less opportunity to mentor and to coach and to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2508.9s	2508.9	 talk one on one. And people think, you know, that this is a boon and it's not. So, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2515.4s	2515.4	 we're going to deal with also the aftermath of an entire generation of highly underskilled companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2521.9s	2521.9	 because the executive and senior leadership and CEO ranks of many of these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2526.1s	2526.1	 are not in a position to win. If I may, there was an interesting moment this week when we talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2530.8s	2530.8	 this discipline that has been lacking the last couple years, $101 million funding led by Cotu,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2537.2s	2537.2	 Lightspeed Venture Partners. At a $1 billion valuation for Stability AI, this is a for profit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2547.2s	2547.2	 company built off the backs of the open source project, stable diffusion, they have no revenue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2553.6s	2553.6	 they have no product, they've been around for, you know, a millisecond. Any thoughts on this type of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2560.2s	2560.2	 funding happening pre product pre revenue on an open source project?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2565.3s	2565.3	 And there's still there's always going to be, yeah, there's always not going to be these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2570.1s	2570.1	 these asymmetric bets that people think if it works, it's worth 100x and they'll price it as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2575.2s	2575.2	 they price it. I think what we were just talking about is a little different, which is how do public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2580.4s	2580.4	 markets rationalize evaluation? These businesses need to start earning for the public investors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2586.4s	2586.4	 to be able to represent to their investors that they're doing their job and making sure that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2591.2s	2591.2	 they're holding management accountable to demonstrating earnings potential. But these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2594.6s	2594.6	 early stage bets, you can see valuations range depending on the asymmetric outcome potential of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2599.8s	2599.8	 the and you know what the upper and you know what the upper bound is, the upper bound is that when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2603.9s	2603.9	 rates were zero, and governments were printing money more than they could get their hands on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2609.0s	2609.0	 the top five tech companies represented a quarter of the S&P 500. But there was a pretty steep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2614.3s	2614.3	 fall off. And everybody else represented the next, you know, about 10% of the market cap. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2620.4s	2620.4	 point is that we had bounded outcomes. When rates were zero, the average market cap of a successful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2627.0s	2627.0	 company was around three or $4 billion. So I'm not going to judge this company at all. And those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2633.4s	2633.4	 investors are very smart investors, Lightspeed and Cotu. What I will say is at the end of the day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2638.2s	2638.2	 there's a terminal buyer of these companies. And we had a period of time that we can look back on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2643.3s	2643.3	 to understand that when the party is absolutely rip roaring, the alcohol is free, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2649.4s	2649.4	 everything everything is going well. Yeah, we know what the upper bound is, which is the average
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2654.7s	2654.7	 company, if you were able to get out would be worth about three to 4 billion. And then there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2658.9s	2658.9	 was a very, very steep dispersion, where then there was four companies that were, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2663.3s	2663.3	 a quarter of the market cap and a few in between. So if you do a deal at a billion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2668.6s	2668.6	 the overwhelming odds is that the terminal exit multiple is going to be somewhere between a 3x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2673.3s	2673.3	 and a 4x x of dilution, and x of all of the other capital that comes in and all of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2678.8s	2678.8	 features that may be attached. So I think everybody should be allowed to make different kinds of bets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2683.5s	2683.5	 And you'll see over time, which kind of deal can generate which kind of return,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2692.6s	2692.6	 perhaps will be this will be a really interesting data point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2696.1s	2696.1	 The common thinking was, these kind of deals were not going to happen in this kind of a market. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2702.4s	2702.4	 when you saw this kind of deal happen, or some other that we've talked about privately,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2706.6s	2706.6	 what do you think is happening in terms of discipline, private markets?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2711.2s	2711.2	 Well, I think maybe you should tee this up with Brad, because I think that what I have to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2715.5s	2715.5	 follows on with him. But there's a macro view of the venture industry, that again, it's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2721.6s	2721.6	 everybody wants to never look at the past. Everybody wants to assume that this time is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2726.6s	2726.6	 different. And there's some work that he did, which is really instructive, J Cal, to help answer this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2732.5s	2732.5	 question. I think so. Maybe you should ask him and then I'll jump in afterwards.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2735.9s	2735.9	 This is the TV, TVPI study. So I mean, Brad, in relation to my stable diffusion and DPI, maybe you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2743.8s	2743.8	 can. You know, we shared this with our investors at our investor day that you guys are out this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2749.0s	2749.0	 week. And there's a modern industry, it's only been around since the mid 90s. Right. So the history
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2753.8s	2753.8	 of venture, you know, is you got to look at when you look at returns, it's to say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2761.8s	2761.8	 by the way, what an incredible chart you guys put this is so good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2766.5s	2766.5	 Let's describe the chart for people who the truth hurts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2770.5s	2770.5	 So break down. Go ahead, Jake. Do you want to just so if just for people who know we on Spotify and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2776.7s	2776.7	 on YouTube, you can search for all in episode 101. And you could see this chart if you're watching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2782.8s	2782.8	 the video if you're listening. The video describes 1997 to 2020. There's an orange line across it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2789.0s	2789.0	 with the DPI average. So why don't you define DPI?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2792.7s	2792.7	 What we did is we took the top quartile data from Cambridge Associates who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2796.7s	2796.7	 invest in all across the entire venture industry is widely used as kind of industry data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2803.4s	2803.4	 And we just asked a simple question of the top quartile top 25% of venture capital firms.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2809.5s	2809.5	 Right. What were in those vintage years of the funds, so funds raised in 97, 98, 99,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2816.6s	2816.6	 what were the average cash on cash returns, right? TVPI is what your mark is. That's where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2825.0s	2825.0	 you're carrying the marks total value to pay the capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2828.9s	2828.9	 So this could be just so we're clear, because it's a little confusing to people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2832.5s	2832.5	 You have a company on your books that on paper is worth 10 billion you had put in at a billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2837.6s	2837.6	 And on paper, you've got this 10 X return, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2840.2s	2840.2	 Correct. Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2842.0s	2842.0	 Actually cash distributed to your investors. So that's cash on the barrel head.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2845.8s	2845.8	 So the reason if you look on this chart, sorry, just to just to build just to be very clear for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2850.9s	2850.9	 everybody. The whole goal is to be able to convert your TVPI. So what your theoretical book is worth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2858.7s	2858.7	 into DPI, which is here's money back to my investors. And what you want on this chart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2865.1s	2865.1	 is the blue line to catch up to the gray line. So you want the gray line to be as high as possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2870.9s	2870.9	 And eventually over time, you want the blue line to come up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2875.2s	2875.2	 Correct. Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2876.6s	2876.6	 So the blue line here, if we're looking at 2010, just for one example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2880.6s	2880.6	 you have a 4x for the TVPI, you 4x everybody's money. But the blue line only got up to it looks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2887.0s	2887.0	 like 3.5 X maybe or something in that range. Let me just point out because that's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2890.8s	2890.8	 interesting year, Jason. Yeah, we were coming out of the 2008 2009 period, everybody was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2897.3s	2897.3	 despondent. They said, I'm sure they said what you just said about stable diffusion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2901.6s	2901.6	 don't invest in anything. Everybody's stupid. But there were incredible companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2905.9s	2905.9	 that were invested out of that vintage, right? Snowflake and Mongo out of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2909.8s	2909.8	 vintage shortly thereafter. So maintaining this duality that yes, the world sucks, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2916.2s	2916.2	 the secular curve of innovation continues. So that is a vintage where people actually got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2921.1s	2921.1	 things sold, got them public, distributed the cash back to investors. The real question is this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2928.0s	2928.0	 on the vintages between 2011, 2012 and now, how much of those gray lines, how much of those marks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2937.8s	2937.8	 Look, those are historical marks. Marks have never been this high. How much of those marks will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2945.1s	2945.1	 actually return turn into cash on the barrel head? And how much of those will actually just be mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2951.0s	2951.0	 reversion? It'll all get marked down. And the returns at the top quartile will look much like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2955.8s	2955.8	 the returns did in the period between 2000 and 2007. My hunch is that by the time the cash is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2963.4s	2963.4	 actually distributed, the returns are going to revert to that orange line mean, which means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2970.5s	2970.5	 there are hundreds of billions of dollars in markdowns sitting in LPs and GPs portfolios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2977.4s	2977.4	 that are likely to come because nobody really thinks that the deals done in 15, 16, 17, 18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2984.1s	2984.1	 are going to be that far above the mean return. And so people also understand this. These are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2989.4s	2989.4	 vintage years. So these are funds formed in that year. And so this trails a venture fund takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2994.8s	2994.8	 about 10 years, they're formed without concept in mind to become realized. So if you're looking at,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=2999.8s	2999.8	 you know, the year 2016 and 17, these are but five year old funds at this point, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3006.6s	3006.6	 Correct. Yeah. So they do need time for these companies to grow. How much of this Chamath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3012.5s	3012.5	 and Freiburg do you think is attributable to entry price? Because entry price during 2017,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3018.6s	3018.6	 18 1920 is going to be extraordinarily high entry price, i.e. the value of the company when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3024.8s	3024.8	 investors invested in 2008 to 2011, when I had a lot of my hits was pretty low, I invested in Uber,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3032.8s	3032.8	 thumbtack, and you invested in Uber com. Those three were $15 million combined.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3039.9s	3039.9	 Revaluations. Yeah, you invest in Uber. Yeah, maybe third or fourth investor. I can't remember.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3047.4s	3047.4	 I did get in there. I got in there slightly before you did like maybe eight years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3051.0s	3051.0	 You should write a book on angel investors. I should.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3055.6s	3055.6	 You should call it angel. But let's talk about entry price, because entry price does matter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3060.4s	3060.4	 Brad. Or maybe Chamath, you want to take entry price or Freiburg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3063.3s	3063.3	 Well, look, there's this, I think I think what that setup is, that's probably a chart that most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3069.8s	3069.8	 VC organizations don't even look at. Because if you looked at that chart, you'd have to take a real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3077.2s	3077.2	 investing approach to things. So if you were looking at that chart as a GP, there are two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3083.2s	3083.2	 takeaways. The first takeaway is, oh, my gosh, what is the sum of the invested dollars above this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3092.8s	3092.8	 orange line since 2012? 2011? Right, because all of that stuff could just basically get whacked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3101.8s	3101.8	 if we mean revert. And the answer is about five or $600 billion of paid in capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3108.9s	3108.9	 So then you would say, oh, my gosh, well, if there's five or $600 billion of impairment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3114.2s	3114.2	 coming down the pipe, maybe more, maybe it's going to be 750 million, because the other thing to keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3119.1s	3119.1	 in mind is over time, the orange line has a tendency to go down, not up, right? Because as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3126.5s	3126.5	 you add more and more of these things and some slight performers, you have a general decay function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3131.2s	3131.2	 in every asset class as it scales in size. So this this orange line theoretically goes down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3136.2s	3136.2	 which means more of those great bars get destroyed. Okay, so there's let's just call it 600 billion or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3141.8s	3141.8	 700 billion. The most important thing you would want to do is now look inside your portfolio and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3147.2s	3147.2	 try to answer the question, oh, how likely am I to see that impairment? And Jason, this is a proxy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3155.2s	3155.2	 of answering your question, the important question for a venture fund, which then has a downstream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3159.9s	3159.9	 implication to the to the entrepreneur is now what do I do knowing that all of these gray bars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3164.7s	3164.7	 could get destroyed? And Nick, go to the next chart. Well, I calculated it for you guys. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3169.2s	3169.2	 I'll give you the answer. Here's a simple thing. And you know, this is publicly available data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3175.5s	3175.5	 Now, why did I do this? Because when Brad showed me that chart, my immediate mind went to how do I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3182.0s	3182.0	 make sure I'm not susceptible to losing a ton of money? Well, what happens in markets is that when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3188.6s	3188.6	 things go down, the things that are highly correlated go down the most, because they are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3193.1s	3193.1	 the things that are the most highly trafficked, which means that they are the things that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3196.9s	3196.9	 the most investors, which means that in an upmarket, they have the propensity to have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3201.1s	3201.1	 highest prices. So we put we, you know, pulled all this data from pitch book, and we just started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3207.2s	3207.2	 to I just took a smattering of firms here, and recent index, graylock, benchmark, Sequoia, GC,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3212.5s	3212.5	 founders fund, tiger, Excel, Kleiner, Koestler, and us, you could pick anybody because this data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3217.4s	3217.4	 is publicly available. And I started to calculate the overlap coefficient. So how, how correlated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3224.5s	3224.5	 are you with other people's portfolios? Trying to estimate at the upper bound and at the lower bound,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3230.6s	3230.6	 what will happen? So Jason, this is a proxy of answering your question. What about entry price?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3236.5s	3236.5	 Well, if you have a very low correlation, which touchwood we have, you're less,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3244.4s	3244.4	 you're less exposed to bad entry price, because it wouldn't have been a bidding war to get into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3249.1s	3249.1	 these companies. Exactly. You picked your right spot, you went into areas that were earlier,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3253.8s	3253.8	 so you were able to risk manage a little bit better. But if you have a highly correlated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3257.8s	3257.8	 portfolio, now your marks become very susceptible. So my guess is if you take the $700 billion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3265.0s	3265.0	 and you calculate it for all the VCs, and you look at their correlations, and their overlaps,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3270.3s	3270.3	 you can probably guesstimate where that $700 billion of impairment will come to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3275.4s	3275.4	 And you can you can lay it out across any organization that you're interested in trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3279.7s	3279.7	 to find a solution for by just stack ranking them. And by looking at the at the at these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3284.3s	3284.3	 correlations. And this is by the way, to be clear, nothing about the quality of the organization or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3289.3s	3289.3	 the people, but this is just simple portfolio mathematics and how portfolios tend to play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3293.4s	3293.4	 itself out in moments like this. Well, and there's some interesting data in here as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3298.3s	3298.3	 Freeburg, you probably are aware of where some funds like let's say founders fund and COSA have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3304.3s	3304.3	 a close relationship because Keith Raboi was at COSA and then he moved to founders fund. So you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3308.3s	3308.3	 see that nice dark purple there where they have a high correlation investments. Interestingly, index
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3313.6s	3313.6	 seems to just follow benchmark and build girlies investments and plow into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3317.6s	3317.6	 that seems to be the highest correlation. Here's the thing, if you had to steel man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3321.0s	3321.0	 the defense of that strategy, Jason, I would say in an up market, benchmark is a $500 million fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3326.8s	3326.8	 or I get no allocation. If I was a smart LP, and I did this work, I'd be immediately knocking on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3332.1s	3332.1	 indexes door saying, Can I put money in you because in the back of my mind, it's basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3336.2s	3336.2	 getting leverage on benchmarks portfolio. Yeah, you figured out how to follow them. Yeah. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3340.8s	3340.8	 but when the cycle reverts, you know, you're not the only one that wants to copy benchmarks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3347.5s	3347.5	 portfolio, everybody does. And if these correlations are too high, and the overlaps are too high,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3353.0s	3353.0	 then you start to get into a cycle where you put yourself in a position to actually suffer from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3358.7s	3358.7	 market beta much more. Yeah, even when you can benefit from the market beta and upcycle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3363.6s	3363.6	 Freeburg, you want to analyze this chart and Chumat's thinking here, his theory?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3371.0s	3371.0	 I don't know. I mean, I just think this has become a pretty competitive market and a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3376.6s	3376.6	 of the value has been competed away. unpack. Well, I mean, I think for a layperson, please,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3383.4s	3383.4	 the long term value creation of technology, of new technology is going to remain high,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3392.0s	3392.0	 the market's going to pay for that. So you know, new market value creation, new market cap,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3397.8s	3397.8	 is going to continue to be built every year. What's happening when venture has a low multiple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3405.8s	3405.8	 is that number one, the good companies end up the founders end up owning more of the company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3414.1s	3414.1	 And they end up, you know, having a higher percentage ownership when the company ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3417.8s	3417.8	 gets sold or goes public, because they were able to get VCs to compete against one another.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3423.5s	3423.5	 And as a result, pay a higher valuation and as a result, buy less of the company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3429.3s	3429.3	 And then number two is that because the VCs that couldn't get into that company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3433.2s	3433.2	 still had a bunch of money to manage, they went and put money into crappy companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3436.8s	3436.8	 So, you know, it's a lucrative business. You guys, everyone's in that business because it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3442.2s	3442.2	 a lucrative business. And that certainly it takes a decade to realize whether or not you're good at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3448.0s	3448.0	 it. So, you know, you have this period of time, as Brad shows, that's maybe a decade before the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3453.1s	3453.1	 LP market learns who is and who isn't bad. And meanwhile, those folks who got competed out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3459.3s	3459.3	 the good deals, you know, they don't look very good. And the folks that are left in the good deals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3463.4s	3463.4	 own less of the company and their returns get diminished. And, you know, I think ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3468.5s	3468.5	 this market is probably going to end up being a multi-decade cycle of capital in and capital out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3473.8s	3473.8	 We're probably a peak capital being managed in venture funds right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3477.6s	3477.6	 and it'll likely decline for the next decade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3479.8s	3479.8	 Brad, how would, yeah, Brad, how would LPs look at Chamath's analysis there? And how do they look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3485.3s	3485.3	 the clubby nature and overlap, you know, writ large in our industry? And then whatever other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3490.5s	3490.5	 insights you have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3491.4s	3491.4	 Yeah, no, I mean, I think I very much disagree with David that all the returns are getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3497.1s	3497.1	 competed away. The huge difference between the venture market and the private equity market or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3502.8s	3502.8	 the public market is that the venture market is unquestionably a power law market. Okay, 90% of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3510.4s	3510.4	 the gross profits and the returns go to 10% of the deals and 10% of the investors. Right? So we just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3516.5s	3516.5	 showed the average of the top quartile, but if we show benchmark one or two or benchmark six or seven,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3522.9s	3522.9	 it's ridiculous, right? The cash on cash returns over 20 X on those funds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3529.3s	3529.3	 Let's just pause and explain that to folks. Most venture firms here are getting 2x on average,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3534.5s	3534.5	 that's the average. And is that average for the top quartile or all VC firms?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3539.2s	3539.2	 It's the top quartile of VC firms, their average is 2x.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3543.4s	3543.4	 Yeah, this is an upper 20, the 25% if you include the 75 bottom, what would the trash?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3549.8s	3549.8	 Brad, let me ask you a question. What if instead of looking at the top quartile,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3553.4s	3553.4	 you just looked at the top 10 venture firms, because the number of venture firms has exploded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3559.0s	3559.0	 over the last decade and a half. But I think the point that you're not getting is the top 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3564.2s	3564.2	 changes every vintage. And the problem is, if you are aping the wrong portfolio in that vintage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3570.2s	3570.2	 you'll get run over. Right. And so the real goal of this, and I also tend to disagree,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3576.5s	3576.5	 Friedbrook, with what you say, I don't think the returns are getting competed away. I actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3580.9s	3580.9	 think it's more alpha than ever. Correct. And you got to be a good picker. And if you're a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3585.4s	3585.4	 momentum investor, you just need to be aware on the way in that you are going to put your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3591.1s	3591.1	 portfolio under tremendous pressure in drawdowns. I think the other thing the other thing it does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3598.5s	3598.5	 this idea of the industrialization of venture, the soft banks, the Tigers, like, like, it's a myth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3604.2s	3604.2	 You can't industrialize that you can industrialize, you can build an index fund of the public market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3608.8s	3608.8	 because you can buy every company, you might even be able to build an index like fund in private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3613.8s	3613.8	 equity, because everybody can go bid for every company. But in venture, the founder chooses you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3620.2s	3620.2	 That early GP chooses you. And so if you try to build an index fund that misses the best deals,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3628.2s	3628.2	 and I think there's adverse selection, the bigger you get, the less likely you're to convert the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3632.9s	3632.9	 best deals. Now you're really in trouble. Brad, do you think an index of first time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3639.4s	3639.4	 VCs outperforms kind of that, you know, top quartile index? So, you know, there's some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3646.0s	3646.0	 LPs that select into just solo GP first time fund manager first time fund or, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3652.2s	3652.2	 maybe second time, but solo GP. But it's kind of like, you know, first into the market before you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3656.6s	3656.6	 really scale up. That's where so many of the returns are found. A lot of funds like MIT,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3662.5s	3662.5	 they look for emerging managers because you tend to be younger, hungrier, you have experience,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3668.7s	3668.7	 you've got a lot on the line. But certainly, if you look at the hundreds of startups in VC land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3674.7s	3674.7	 over the course of the last several years, 99% of them are probably garbage and will fail and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3682.1s	3682.1	 won't work. So the all stars will be all stars and the rest won't. Somebody asked me, I use this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3688.1s	3688.1	 analog. They said hundreds of new people have come into venture and I said, yeah, it's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3692.2s	3692.2	 it's kind of like a marathon. You're right. We have 500 runners and now we have 1000 runners.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3698.2s	3698.2	 But from my vantage, it's the same five to 10 runners competing for the podium week in and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3704.9s	3704.9	 week out. In that top 10 in that power law, it doesn't change a lot. Yes, there have been people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3711.5s	3711.5	 break in. We know how hard it is to break in to Silicon Valley. Nobody invited Altimeter to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3718.6s	3718.6	 dance. Nobody invited Social Capital to the dance. Nobody invited Jason Calacanis to the dance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3724.6s	3724.6	 It was the opposite. They locked the doors. They were like, hey guys. Trust me. Because it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3731.0s	3731.0	 highly lucrative business dominated by some incumbents that had huge brands. They didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3736.5s	3736.5	 want to share the fruits of that. We showed up. We worked hard. We build incredible teams.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3741.9s	3741.9	 We had conviction. And we also had good fortune. Yes, we were smart. We played some good bets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3750.1s	3750.1	 but you also have to get lucky in this business. We were lucky to be born at this point in time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3754.9s	3754.9	 lucky to start when we did in Silicon Valley. I'm going to finish just with this one point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3759.5s	3759.5	 This whole experiment of venture capital is less than 30 years old. The modern age of venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3763.4s	3763.4	 capital is less than 30 years old. We're going through this period where everybody wants to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3768.2s	3768.2	 shit all over the industry. TVPI is going to come down. All this other stuff. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3773.2s	3773.2	 venture, my dad, when he went to start a business, had to borrow money, mortgage the house. Think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3778.1s	3778.1	 about the friction for somebody with a young family. If the cost of failure was losing your house,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3785.1s	3785.1	 putting your family in harm's way versus some young startup in Silicon Valley today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3790.6s	3790.6	 where the consequence of failure, particularly if you conduct yourself with integrity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3795.3s	3795.3	 is that you learn a lot. There's no losing a house. There's no cataclysmic outcome for your family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3803.1s	3803.1	 So to me, when you look at the economic unlock that we have in this country by reducing friction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3809.8s	3809.8	 to invention, by reducing friction to experimentation, I am incredibly bullish on the future of venture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3817.5s	3817.5	 I think founders are the engine that drives the world forward. That's where we get electric cars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3824.2s	3824.2	 That's where we get rockets that land themselves. That's where we get mRNA vaccines. So there will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3830.3s	3830.3	 be cyclicality. There will be industrialization. There will be big funds and small funds. But the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3836.4s	3836.4	 reality is that this ecosystem is a massive competitive advantage for this country. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3842.6s	3842.6	 when we look forward at the information age over the next 30 years, the power of this ecosystem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3847.6s	3847.6	 is more strategic advantage to this country, even the natural resources.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3852.3s	3852.3	 I'll say something orthogonal to this, which is in order for that to happen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3857.5s	3857.5	 just to build on the point, Brad, of your guess that you're saying, we have an entire generation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3863.0s	3863.0	 of financially enumerate general partners at venture firms. And venture needs to be a pillar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3871.8s	3871.8	 of growth in society. And I think people need to have more financial tools and underpinnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3878.1s	3878.1	 to do their job. Why? Because over these next 10 years, when maybe you have 500 to three quarters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3883.8s	3883.8	 of a trillion dollars of value destruction, and it's because you didn't think about portfolio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3888.9s	3888.9	 construction properly, that entrepreneur that needs your money, you will have to say no to them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3894.1s	3894.1	 or renege on a deal, or let them down. And the reason is that you didn't think about that on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3901.0s	3901.0	 the way in. And so these are practical skills that every other part of the financial asset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3908.7s	3908.7	 infrastructure has to learn. We are taught the hard way, you know, we are taught in the public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3914.1s	3914.1	 markets how to think about dispersion, correlation, alpha, beta, you're taught in private equity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3919.2s	3919.2	 how to do it, you're taught in every other asset class, and we romanticize venture to think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3925.0s	3925.0	 none of that matters. But in a moment like this, you will see how much or how much it doesn't matter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3930.7s	3930.7	 And if you're going to live up to the to the actual commitment you make to an entrepreneur,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3935.0s	3935.0	 you better get financially smarter is what I would say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3938.2s	3938.2	 All right, let's move on. Do you want to go to stock picking or lift versus new some on this prop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3944.4s	3944.4	 30? I want to hear that Friedberg diatribe on stockpicking. You do? Okay, I want to hear it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3949.8s	3949.8	 Well, anyway, there's a bunch of people talking about index funds versus buying individual shares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3957.0s	3957.0	 and being a stock picker. Elon and Cathie Wood got into this on Twitter. And we all know the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3963.1s	3963.1	 arguments for passive versus active. And there's large active funds out there that are just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3969.8s	3969.8	 programmatically buying and Elon and many think that active would be better for society or a bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3976.6s	3976.6	 more active. Freebird, what's your take? A business is a over time. It's supposed to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3984.1s	3984.1	 machine that takes money in and puts money out. And then there's money left in the machine. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3990.0s	3990.0	 like a box money comes in money goes out. And over time, the objective the money coming in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=3994.2s	3994.2	 which is sales or revenue, exceeds the money going out and the box grows, right, the assets grow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4000.7s	4000.7	 And the best way to look at that is in the financial statements of that business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4004.6s	4004.6	 you know, the income statement, the balance sheet, the cash flow statement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4008.9s	4008.9	 But we and then there's this narrative that can be layered on top of those metrics, that measurement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4016.4s	4016.4	 of how well that business is performing over time. And that narrative is what drives a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4021.2s	4021.2	 of investment decisions today, right? I see whether it's an analyst writing an analyst report
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4027.3s	4027.3	 or portfolio manager or an individual picking a stock, everyone's got a reason why they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4032.1s	4032.1	 buying the stock. And they say, here's my thesis. And what happens is everyone looks at that box,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4038.8s	4038.8	 looks at that business, looks at that thesis from a different angle. And there's always something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4043.5s	4043.5	 you're missing. So there's some element that is driven by imperfect information. And in some cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4052.5s	4052.5	 it's just heavy bias. You know, you look at a stock, you're like, Hey, I really like Disney Plus,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4057.0s	4057.0	 I really like the subscriber growth. But the question fundamentally is over time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4062.6s	4062.6	 what is the revenue generation and the profit generation potential of that one thing you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4067.1s	4067.1	 looking at? And what are the hundred other things that are going to contribute to that business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4071.5s	4071.5	 that box, taking in more money or spending more money? Is that box going to run into a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4075.8s	4075.8	 regulatory problem? Is it going to run into a customer problem? Is it going to run into a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4080.2s	4080.2	 content problem? Is it going to run into competition? The number of issues and opportunities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4086.2s	4086.2	 that any one of these businesses can and will face is infinite. And every participant in a market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4091.4s	4091.4	 is looking at some different set of those opportunities or threats. And every participant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4096.7s	4096.7	 in that market is making a different value judgment. And so very often people will buy a stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4102.3s	4102.3	 because they see their sliver, they convince themselves that based on the sliver of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4106.2s	4106.2	 perspective that they have, that this is something I want to own. They don't do the work on what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4111.9s	4111.9	 the income statement, balance sheet, cash flow going to tell me over time about the quality of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4116.8s	4116.8	 that business. And they don't do the work on what the valuation of the business is relative to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4121.9s	4121.9	 comparables, relative to future earning potential. And I just wanted to have this diatribe because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4127.4s	4127.4	 I see so many individuals doing stock picking. And over time, because of this myriad of things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4134.2s	4134.2	 that could go wrong and will go wrong or may go right or won't go right or the regulatory thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4139.6s	4139.6	 or the market thing or whatever interest rate thing hits that stock and the stock price goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4144.3s	4144.3	 down, eventually everyone gets hit on the head and everyone reverts to mean or below mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4149.4s	4149.4	 meaning the average of the index over time or underperforms that index over time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4154.8s	4154.8	 And so, I mean, for me, I spent two years, I know we all went through some sort of investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4160.3s	4160.3	 banking training. I spent two years out of college without a, I had no finance, econ or business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4165.3s	4165.3	 background. I worked in investment banking, learned how to read an income statement, balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4170.6s	4170.6	 sheet, cash flow, learned to understand how business performance ultimately translates into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4174.9s	4174.9	 financial outcomes and spent a lot of time on valuation and figuring out just because you like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4180.0s	4180.0	 the story of a stock, you like the story that the CEO is telling you, doesn't necessarily mean that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4184.2s	4184.2	 you're paying a fair price. So if everything they do goes right, this price could still drop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4190.2s	4190.2	 And I think that this is a really important set of lessons for people that are individuals that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4194.7s	4194.7	 are doing stock picking, which is to number one, message and this diatribe is specifically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4200.3s	4200.3	 targeted towards day traders, retail, correct? I don't know if it's just them. I think it's just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4205.2s	4205.2	 generally like make sure you understand how to read an income statement, balance sheet and cash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4208.8s	4208.8	 flow statement. Number two, make sure you know how to assess valuation. Make sure you know that when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4213.2s	4213.2	 you're buying a stock, you know what the total value of the company is based on the price you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4217.5s	4217.5	 paying. And how do you justify that that total value makes sense relative to your model of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4222.5s	4222.5	 future outcomes for that business? And then number three, recognize and be cognizant of the fact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4228.1s	4228.1	 that whatever one thing you're seeing that you think you've got some edge or some advantage on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4232.2s	4232.2	 because no one else is seeing it, there's 99 other things that you're not seeing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4236.0s	4236.0	 And this is where everyone learns this lesson over time and everyone gets bonked on the head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4239.7s	4239.7	 at some point in making these decisions. And it's why every stock picker or nearly every,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4244.4s	4244.4	 and we can talk about the greats at some point here and where alpha can be generated and so on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4249.3s	4249.3	 but generally most stock pickers over time underperform the index. And it's just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4256.1s	4256.1	 particularly with the retail movement over the last couple of years, I see a lot of thesis. Here's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4261.6s	4261.6	 my reason for buying the stock that excludes understanding the financials, understanding the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4266.7s	4266.7	 valuation metrics, and also excludes the whole litany of things and all the diligence that goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4271.3s	4271.3	 into thinking about all the other angles you might be missing. So that was my-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4274.2s	4274.2	 So, or feedback generally?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4277.3s	4277.3	 It turns out that it's hard to be good at anything. Insert the blank takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4283.8s	4283.8	 tens of thousands of years of practice. In investing, I think what I have learned is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4292.2s	4292.2	 it's very easy to get caught up in the mania. I've also learned in the last decade that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4299.4s	4299.4	 you know, we really benefited from zero interest rates. It was a tide that lifted all boats.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4306.2s	4306.2	 And I have learned how to think about correlation and the difference between alpha and beta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4314.1s	4314.1	 and how to construct portfolios that I think can be all weather portfolios.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4318.9s	4318.9	 To Friedberg's point, those are nuanced long tail skills that you'll only take up if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4324.6s	4324.6	 really passionate about the craft. It's not dissimilar to a person, I'm just going to use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4328.6s	4328.6	 golf as an example, who learns how to hit a fade versus a draw and who learns how to really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4333.9s	4333.9	 manipulate their wedges in very specific ways. These are all long tail skills that come in when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4340.3s	4340.3	 you decide you want to master something. And it's just important to note that that mastery is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4347.0s	4347.0	 required to be really good. Because otherwise, there'll be times where you'll go out on the golf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4351.5s	4351.5	 course and you'll crush it. But then you know, there'll be other times and most other times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4356.2s	4356.2	 where you can go and get run over because it's hard. So that's my only comment is that this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4360.8s	4360.8	 like everything else. It's not nearly as easy as it looks like Brad, you pick stocks for a living
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4365.4s	4365.4	 should retail, how involved should retail investors be? Should they just buy an index?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4369.8s	4369.8	 I don't think it's fair to say retail. What I think my point was really about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4374.1s	4374.1	 No, his point is everybody. Okay, sure. Everybody. My point is saying a thesis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4379.4s	4379.4	 and excluding all these other factors that are critical in making a decision about what you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4383.7s	4383.7	 buying and whether you're paying the right price means that you have to make sure that you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4387.5s	4387.5	 expanding your point of view on whether or not a stock is worth buying at the market price today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4393.4s	4393.4	 And I think having that broader perspective is what I see missing in 99% of the chatter on Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4398.5s	4398.5	 99% of, you know, folks talking about what thing to buy, they're buying it. And I think it's very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4403.2s	4403.2	 critically important. You're saying that most investing that you see is very narrative driven,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4410.2s	4410.2	 and that narrative can sometimes be so powerful, that it overpowers all the other elements that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4416.3s	4416.3	 one should be doing to get a full picture of why you should be buying something. Is that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4421.0s	4421.0	 I think that's a fair summary, Chamath. Yeah, yeah. And I think it's, you know, it's, it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4426.4s	4426.4	 it's just about how so much of what goes on on CNBC, on a lot of Reddit boards, not all of them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4434.8s	4434.8	 there's some very sophisticated folks that are doing very sophisticated financial analysis and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4438.6s	4438.6	 looking at all the angles of a stock, assessing the valuation. But so much of these conversations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4443.6s	4443.6	 exclude what you're paying and what you're getting and exclude the broader context of all the things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4449.3s	4449.3	 that could and may not happen with a particular business. And as a result, at some point, one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4455.4s	4455.4	 those things bonks you on the head, you lose 50%. And you're like, Oh, my gosh, my whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4458.8s	4458.8	 portfolio. And sometimes, and sometimes if you try to inject that logic into those channels,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4463.8s	4463.8	 you'll get brigadooned. Brigadooned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4466.6s	4466.6	 It'll be absolutely brigadooned. Brad, what do you what do you think, in terms of people's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4471.9s	4471.9	 access to markets, I guess, would be another way to look at this and people's propensity to just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4476.0s	4476.0	 you know, gamble, let's call it or maybe not make thoughtful decisions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4479.7s	4479.7	 I kind of think if our friend Bill Gurley was here, he'd be like, this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4484.2s	4484.2	 a five minute conversation about the statement of the fucking obvious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4491.1s	4491.1	 This is stock picking is hard. Really? Is that the theme of this section?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4495.4s	4495.4	 Yes. Stock picking is hard. Very little alpha has ever been generated in a sustainable way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4501.6s	4501.6	 even by the greatest people of all time. I think, you know, maybe something that is a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4506.8s	4506.8	 useful to add two things. Not all good companies are good investments. Price of entry matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4515.0s	4515.0	 Okay, so I hear a lot of people saying, well, I'm gonna buy that because it's a good company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4518.9s	4518.9	 I don't even know what that means. Exactly right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4523.3s	4523.3	 Good relative to the price of entry. But the second thing is the single greatest power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4529.3s	4529.3	 we have as investors, the greatest single source of alpha, right? Other than stock selection.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4537.0s	4537.0	 So choosing the right company. Time arbitrage. Okay, so do you have the ability to own something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4544.6s	4544.6	 that is a growing asset over a long period of time? So that if you got number one wrong,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4549.3s	4549.3	 you bought it at the wrong time, shit happened in the world, they miss a quarter, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4553.8s	4553.8	 That you're not forced to lock in those losses because you over allocated to that. So this idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4559.0s	4559.0	 around portfolio management is a principal component of overall stock picking is just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4563.6s	4563.6	 absolutely critical. So I think, you know, I don't really, I love the fact, well, I put myself through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4572.6s	4572.6	 college, I put myself through law school, through business school, day trading stocks out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4578.6s	4578.6	 back of the classroom. I'm grateful I live in a country that let me feel like I had some alpha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4583.8s	4583.8	 and that I could do that. And I could go read the newspaper and sort it out. And I wasn't building
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4587.9s	4587.9	 sophisticated financial models. So like, you know, I think there are ways that folks can do this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4594.8s	4594.8	 there are a lot more ways to lose money than there are to make money in a sustainable and durable way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4601.3s	4601.3	 Right. And so as investors, what we try to do, you know, we've got 90% of our portfolio and our top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4608.7s	4608.7	 five or 10 companies. Okay, I'm not an index. And the deal I have with our LPs is I'm very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4616.6s	4616.6	 transparent with them. They know that we're going to own companies in size. And it's that portfolio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4623.2s	4623.2	 concentration and our time arbitrage holding companies for three years or longer. That is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4628.9s	4628.9	 strategy they choose to believe in and sign up to. But I know a lot of greats who would never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4635.4s	4635.4	 subscribe to that strategy. So know your strategy, execute it, allocate a reasonable amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4642.9s	4642.9	 capital. So when all of these unknowns that day, Friedberg talks about come along, you can react
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4649.0s	4649.0	 accordingly. And the final thing is if it's not fun for you, right, like, if you're actually not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4655.8s	4655.8	 passionate and curious about like studying this stuff and learning about it, not everybody is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4660.3s	4660.3	 then don't do it. Right, then don't do it, then just put your money in it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4663.8s	4663.8	 You're not gonna be good at it. The analytical depth and rigor that the greats employ to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4671.8s	4671.8	 successful at picking stocks at picking businesses and investing in them and selling them at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4677.4s	4677.4	 right time over time. It does not make for good tick tock content. It does not make for good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4683.0s	4683.0	 short form content. And I think that's why we've seen this dumbing down and this kind of short form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4689.9s	4689.9	 thesis driven narrative approach to content creation around markets and stocks that ends up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4695.8s	4695.8	 causing a lot of people a lot of harm. You know, you watch the Jim Cramer's of the world, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4700.6s	4700.6	 mean to disparage any one individual, but that sort of content that's like this is a great company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4705.0s	4705.0	 we should buy it like let's go. And the depth and rigor takes a lot of time and a lot of effort to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4711.7s	4711.7	 really do right. And then you get hit in the head. You know, when we and that's that's what I've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4717.2s	4717.2	 observed lately and in a really kind of flurried way, particularly across social media and so on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4722.1s	4722.1	 That's, that's why I just wanted to talk about this topic today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4725.0s	4725.0	 Just to build on top of what you're saying, Warren Buffett made this very famous bet in 2000.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4729.5s	4729.5	 It was him versus a bunch of hedge fund managers and they were able to pick a basket of hedge funds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4733.7s	4733.7	 And he said, I'm not even gonna pick myself, I'm going to pick the S&P 500 and the low cost ETF,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4738.9s	4738.9	 the Vanguard ETF. And he said, we'll check in like 20 years later. Anyways, you know, the punchline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4743.8s	4743.8	 of the story, Buffett won, he won like a million bucks that he donated to charity and these hedge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4747.8s	4747.8	 fund folks lost. And so to build on your point, Jason, time and time again, the smartest investors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4754.8s	4754.8	 in the world, i.e. guys like him have shown us that the most predictable way to make money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4760.0s	4760.0	 if that is your goal is to own the S&P 500, which is, you know, a dynamic index of the 500 best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4765.4s	4765.4	 companies in the world. So there are these people doing all the hard work for you. And they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4770.2s	4770.2	 very strict criteria of who's in S&P 500 company or not. Now, yes, if you cherry pick other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4774.7s	4774.7	 companies that are not, or you concentrate in some, will you generate better returns? Absolutely.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4779.9s	4779.9	 But systematically over time, that thing has lurched forward at 8% a year, you know, 9% a year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4786.4s	4786.4	 If you invest dividends, you can approach 10% a year. And so if you really want to just grow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4792.2s	4792.2	 your wealth, that's a very simple, steady, eddy way to do it. And to take a small amount and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4797.4s	4797.4	 go and, you know, experiment with it to learn makes sense. But I think it's important to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4802.2s	4802.2	 sure you're going there eyes wide open to try to actually learn. Buffett, of course, says the index
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4806.3s	4806.3	 works really well. But then he's got 50% of his public portfolio in Apple over the last few years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4811.3s	4811.3	 So he clearly believes in alpha as well. But you know, back to Friedberg's point, since we brought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4817.3s	4817.3	 up Buffett, you know, somebody asked Munger, why can't, why can't people just copy what Buffett does?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4822.5s	4822.5	 And he said, because nobody likes to get rich slow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4828.5s	4828.5	 Nobody likes to get rich slow. If you want to, what did a 0% rate environment remind us all over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4834.0s	4834.0	 the course of the last few years? Everybody had a grift, everybody had to get rich quick scheme.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4839.8s	4839.8	 I don't care whether it was crypto flipping, or whether it was house flipping, or whatever it was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4845.8s	4845.8	 everybody thought, you know, this was easy. And frankly, looked at guys like us, oftentimes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4851.1s	4851.1	 and said, you're the dumb ones. You're playing the game. That's really hard. Why don't you just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4855.9s	4855.9	 you know, flip some crypto. And I think we're back to a world that if you really want to, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4863.4s	4863.4	 by the way yourself, how dumb did you feel? I felt so stupid. All these tokens, minting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4868.4s	4868.4	 minting billionaire, billionaire, billionaire, billionaire, billionaire. And I just I just sat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4873.4s	4873.4	 on the sideline. To your point, right? It just made you it made me feel so stupid. I felt super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4879.0s	4879.0	 nervous. Like, I what who's the customer? And how much do you charge them? And when you can't get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4883.4s	4883.4	 that basic answer of who the customer is, and how much it costs for them to buy the product or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4887.6s	4887.6	 service, it was like the Brad's point, I think the punchline is, and then you know, at the 11th hour,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4892.3s	4892.3	 it's like, there's a tendency to just capitulate and say, Okay, forget it, I'm in. And that's when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4896.8s	4896.8	 all the money gets torched. Real quick, there's a proposition here in California, where we vote on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4901.0s	4901.0	 specific ballot measures, not every state has this, but we have prop 30 coming out, this is a 1.75%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4907.2s	4907.2	 tax on income earned incomes earned over 2 million for the next 20 years in California,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4913.4s	4913.4	 which by the way, had $100 billion surplus that would go towards clean energy. This was proposed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4918.6s	4918.6	 originally by environmental groups, but Newsom has come out to battle against this, which would seem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4925.7s	4925.7	 counter intuitive, because he's so pro environment, what this would do is spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4930.9s	4930.9	 about 80% of this 100 billion in new tax revenue over the next 20 years, 80% would go towards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4935.8s	4935.8	 charging stations for EVs and motivating customers to buy EVs. 20% would go to combat the crazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4943.4s	4943.4	 amount of wildfires we're having here. He Gavin Newsom that is called this a cynical scheme devised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4951.7s	4951.7	 by a single corporation lift to funnel state income tax revenue to their company. Lift has provided
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4957.9s	4957.9	 almost all of the 40 almost 48 million in funding for this prop 30. And the reason is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4964.4s	4964.4	 California is going to require 90% of ride sharing miles to be traveled by zero emission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4970.3s	4970.3	 vehicles in 2030. You know, on top of that, that California is going to not let you sell anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4975.0s	4975.0	 other than EVs in 2035. If this continues, now you've got a bunch of people on the other side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4980.0s	4980.0	 of this doing anti prop 30, including the California teachers association, because they want the money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4986.3s	4986.3	 Reed Hastings over at Netflix, Maritz over at Sequoia, Sam Altman over at Open AI. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=4992.6s	4992.6	 what do you think of this? Freeberg? I'm curious. Sorry, what side are they on Jacob?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5000.2s	5000.2	 The side of lift? Altman? No, they're they're saying don't do this because they are trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5004.2s	5004.2	 to control taxes in California. They're on Newsom side, Newsom side. Hey, this is a grift by lift,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5010.6s	5010.6	 because lift is concerned that they're going to have to, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5015.8s	5015.8	 bear the brunt of 90% of miles. So I guess the I don't know if it's original sin, but the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5021.2s	5021.2	 the one of the levers here is lift is got the majority of their rides are in California,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5027.8s	5027.8	 Uber has stayed out of this because they don't have as much exposure because the number of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5032.3s	5032.3	 rides in California, it's a smaller percentage of their overall revenue. Brad, Brad, you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5035.8s	5035.8	 some thoughts too here, I think. So Freeberg or Brad, I'm just looking at the board of directors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5040.5s	5040.5	 and lift and thinking to myself, good God, what are these people thinking? Spending 40 to 50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5046.8s	5046.8	 million dollars on this, it just seems that they've totally lost the script. The company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5051.8s	5051.8	 has way bigger problems, way bigger problems to focus on, right, then, you know, this measure,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5060.2s	5060.2	 have a little faith in the system that if we don't get to a place where this is reasonably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5065.4s	5065.4	 practical over the next 10 years, then I'm sure we will evolve, right? The legislation around this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5072.2s	5072.2	 you know, kudos to Dar and the team at Uber for not running scared on this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5077.0s	5077.0	 right? For not trying to push this through these corporate governance initiatives,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5081.1s	5081.1	 guys does referendums in this state. I mean, this is just bad politics, bad policy. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5086.2s	5086.2	 we got Valerie Jarrett on the board of this company, you got political sophistication on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5090.0s	5090.0	 the board of this company. I want to be, you know, I wish I was a fly on the wall. I want to know the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5093.9s	5093.9	 conversation that went down and who raised their hand and said, this is the highest and best use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5098.6s	5098.6	 of $40 million of our money. Crazy. Yeah, right. Makes no sense. Freiburg, you have thoughts on if,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5104.1s	5104.1	 I mean, you've talked before about how you think the free market should solve these things. What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5107.9s	5107.9	 is the governance structure at Lyft, guys? I knew that was coming. I knew it was coming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5114.2s	5114.2	 Did they have super voting shares? Anybody look? I don't know the answer to that. So I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5118.6s	5118.6	 the tax rate in California is high enough now that we all have friends, friends in our poker group
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5124.8s	5124.8	 who have left for the state of Texas or the state of Florida, where there are lower tax rates and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5128.9s	5128.9	 where they feel like they're getting more value for their tax dollars. There's certainly a calculus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5134.6s	5134.6	 going on with Newsom, I believe in the impact that having higher tax rates would have on what is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5141.3s	5141.3	 clearly not just a theoretical, but an actual evidenced, you know, exodus from the state of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5147.9s	5147.9	 wealthy and high income earners. This could be like, you know, at some point, there's a tipping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5152.2s	5152.2	 point that looks a lot like France, where you raise the rates high enough, enough wealthy people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5156.3s	5156.3	 leave and the net tax dollars actually go down, like what happened in France when they introduced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5160.6s	5160.6	 their wealth tax, then they reversed it and everyone came back. I will say, I don't, more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5167.8s	5167.8	 important long-term point, I don't see a world where we don't have over 60% tax rates on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5173.0s	5173.0	 wealthiest people in this country at a federal level. If you look at, if you assume a 5% long-range,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5180.2s	5180.2	 call it 15, 20 year horizon for interest rates, even 4%, on $30 trillion of outstanding debt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5190.8s	5190.8	 and you assume that the voter base will never vote to reduce social security or Medicare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5197.0s	5197.0	 entitlement programs, and obviously the defense budget won't get cut, we are not going to see a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5201.8s	5201.8	 situation in this country on a federal basis where we can actually meet all of our fiscal obligations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5207.8s	5207.8	 without incremental tax revenue. And I think it is much more likely that, you know, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5211.9s	5211.9	 whatever happens with the state initiative happens, but I think it's very likely that over time, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5215.8s	5215.8	 only way for the United States to bridge its fiscal gap is going to be to raise income,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5222.0s	5222.0	 to increase the tax rates. I don't see another solution because I don't think that the federal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5226.3s	5226.3	 government or in our kind of democratically elected Congress, we're going to see a system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5230.9s	5230.9	 that's going to say, hey, let's go for austerity measures, let's reduce entitlement programs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5235.5s	5235.5	 Both sides will say that it's just not going to happen. So tax rates, higher tax rates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5240.1s	5240.1	 I think are coming. Well, you know, maybe California will skip over this particular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5244.6s	5244.6	 generation. But I don't see how the United States continues to thrive over the next 15 to 20 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5250.2s	5250.2	 without tax rates that will today seem exorbitant. Well, in the last 20 years, we blew through a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5256.1s	5256.1	 debt to GDP that was I think 57% and it basically doubled. And so David, to your point, when we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5263.0s	5263.0	 wanted to feel prosperous, what we did was we financed it. We went out and we put out a ton of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5269.0s	5269.0	 debt in order to make sure that our entitlement spending or defense spending or whatever the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5273.9s	5273.9	 things were that we needed as a population to feel like we were growing and moving forward as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5278.7s	5278.7	 society we had. So that is the practical nature of what happens. And look, a lot of people think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5284.6s	5284.6	 that there is some upper bound to debt to GDP. And I'm actually of the opposite view, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5291.4s	5291.4	 I think that the quote unquote invisible hand justifies us moving debt to GDP to higher and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5297.9s	5297.9	 higher rates. So the first time the United States went past 100%, we thought it was the end of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5303.4s	5303.4	 world. It turned out it wasn't. We'll eventually go past 200. Somebody will clamor and be anxiety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5309.8s	5309.8	 riddled, but they'll take some SSRIs. They'll be okay. We'll keep moving forward. Then we'll get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5314.4s	5314.4	 to 300%. We'll keep moving forward. So we are in a debt spiral that is a feature, not a bug,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5320.8s	5320.8	 of how democratic societies work. As a companion to that, I do agree with you that taxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5328.2s	5328.2	 kind of is a pendulum. It it ebbs and flows. And you know, we're in the part where it's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5332.6s	5332.6	 go higher before it goes lower. But I want to tell you a story, which is that in the beginning of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5338.6s	5338.6	 this summer or sorry, this fall, I was in the Middle East, and then I was in Asia. And they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5344.8s	5344.8	 have very different taxation schemes, right? And many of them have zero count corporate gains tax,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5350.8s	5350.8	 and you know, sometimes zero income tax. But then the opportunities for them to be able to invest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5357.0s	5357.0	 in driver turns is also commensurately lower, meaning there's not as much alpha in most of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5362.3s	5362.3	 the opportunities that they see. Whereas if you go to California, you have to pay 60% tax, but then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5367.9s	5367.9	 you know, you could be an angel investor in Uber, you know, and all of a sudden take 25,000 and turn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5373.0s	5373.0	 it into 100 million, which is ungodly. It's incredible. So I think that, in my opinion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5380.7s	5380.7	 actually, like there's actually this beautiful symmetry where even if taxes are high,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5385.3s	5385.3	 your earnings potential is commensurately higher, such that the net that you're left with is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5390.2s	5390.2	 same as if you were in another place where taxes may be zero, but you're just not going to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5395.2s	5395.2	 exposed to the same ways to make money. And I think obviously, there's corner cases where that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5400.0s	5400.0	 not true. But I don't think sweating taxes is a really important waste. It's important way to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5406.4s	5406.4	 spend somebody's time. I just think it doesn't matter. Brad, final word? I would just say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5412.2s	5412.2	 the beautiful thing about federalism is we get to a B test in real time, different points of view.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5419.6s	5419.6	 And so we're seeing the biggest A B test, maybe in the history of federalism between the state
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5425.5s	5425.5	 of California, the state of Texas, and the state of Florida. And it's not just tax rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5431.2s	5431.2	 When Elon leaves to go to Texas, we have the head of the California General Assembly changing her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5438.0s	5438.0	 Twitter profile to say good riddance and flipping the bird to Elon. There is a hostility toward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5446.0s	5446.0	 business that has emerged in California that I think is commensurate and related to the tax rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5452.1s	5452.1	 but also separate. At the same time, we have the mayor of Miami texting us asking us to come down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5458.5s	5458.5	 for a visit. We have friends in Texas who are literally politicians who are marketing their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5463.6s	5463.6	 state to people in California. And we're going to be able to political scientists will look back in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5468.3s	5468.3	 five or 10 years. And they'll be able to answer those questions for you. But I suspect that that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5473.3s	5473.3	 makes us a much stronger place for experimentation than countries like France, where it's all or not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5480.3s	5480.3	 And just to give people an idea to transport about point about debt to GDP. Here's the chart early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5487.7s	5487.7	 part of our lifetimes 50% 1990 6070% after the Great Recession, the pandemic, 120% Japan's at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5497.9s	5497.9	 200% I think. So there's obviously it doesn't mean anything. I know that you came in smart at some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5504.2s	5504.2	 point. Yeah, I really don't think so. Because I think what will happen is you'll just move the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5509.2s	5509.2	 the yield to maturity will move out and you know, we'll issue again, you know, this is the funny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5513.8s	5513.8	 thing we talked about this last night at poker, like, you know, Trump's ideas, some of them were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5518.4s	5518.4	 actually very brilliant. They were just packaged through this lens of being a total goofball. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5523.4s	5523.4	 you could take it seriously, but 100 year bonds, when rates were zero, now looks like, oh my god,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5530.2s	5530.2	 what a brilliant move. Well, I mean, if you could take a 50 year worldview about climate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5534.2s	5534.2	 about nuclear energy, about semis, we didn't get to semi conductors again this week, we have so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5538.5s	5538.5	 much good stuff. But we do need to take very long multi deck, I looks at investment and so why not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5543.8s	5543.8	 make a 25 or 50 year bond for semiconductors? Can I actually just do a small PSA? Sure, quickly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5551.8s	5551.8	 Public Service announcement from trauma, the more you know, go I went to Blue Bottle coffee today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5555.9s	5555.9	 and I asked for a latte. And they gave me a latte with oat milk. That's their default,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5562.1s	5562.1	 which is disgusting. And I find out that is I found out that is now their default. And brutal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5568.6s	5568.6	 And I said, there's a lot of normal people that don't want to ingest that chemical spew into their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5574.2s	5574.2	 body. And so just as just a shout out, like just a comment to Blue Bottle, like, can you please
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5579.7s	5579.7	 realize that a lot of us are normal, we want to come to your store, and then you know, not have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5584.2s	5584.2	 to ask for the long tail alternative. Can you just serve the thing? Such virtue signaling,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5589.1s	5589.1	 most of the people drink most of the people still drink milk. Okay, I'm not trying to bring a do in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5596.4s	5596.4	 you, Blue Bottle, but I'm not going to go to you anymore as a customer, because I find this stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5601.6s	5601.6	 really dumb. Like, can you just have milk so that I can ask for the milk if I want to versus giving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5606.5s	5606.5	 me chemical stuff that I don't want? I don't want that. Yeah, that's and and and complaining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5613.5s	5613.5	 about oat milk. Is that what's going on? No, it's this is where this is where we are moment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5618.3s	5618.3	 It's just like, I just want milk. I want a latte. I mean, I want to go and support you guys. I want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5623.0s	5623.0	 to maybe maybe the cow doesn't want to make that milk for you after its baby was ripped away from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5627.1s	5627.1	 it. Oh, boy, here we go. You know, here we go. It's day we we survive 90 minutes. And here it comes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5633.4s	5633.4	 It's the point. You know, did the cow agree to be in service to you to make your milk? You think I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5638.3s	5638.3	 need to have a verbal contract with cows? I mean, well, yeah, I mean, are we going to do the olive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5643.8s	5643.8	 fed beef next week or not? Who is the translator of the cow human protocol? Who is it you people?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5650.9s	5650.9	 Is it one of your friends? Like what? I don't actually I am working on a neural link. I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5655.1s	5655.1	 sure that the default assumption that the cow should be there to do whatever you want it to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5660.0s	5660.0	 is a fair assumption. I think that'll change over time, but it'll take some time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5664.4s	5664.4	 I think that that's completely fair and reasonable. But what I'm saying is right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5668.7s	5668.7	 while there's an entire, I can't believe you said that economy of people. Well, there's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5674.4s	5674.4	 entire economy of people that shouldn't get rolled over because you want to impute the emotions of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5678.9s	5678.9	 cows. I'm allowing you your freedom to want to impute those emotions of cows. Well, I would like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5684.6s	5684.6	 to support the dairy industry and buy milk. So can I please do that? No, I want to impute the freedom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5689.0s	5689.0	 and rights of the cows, but that's going to take some time. But sure, go ahead, have your milk for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5692.6s	5692.6	 now. And you're allowed but I right now will take the side of the dairy farmer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5697.5s	5697.5	 I just want to know, did anybody get your Chikarin outrage, your Chamath Karen outrage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5703.7s	5703.7	 your Chikarin on tape? Is this trending on TikTok yet? When you admonished the barista?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5711.5s	5711.5	 It's not the barista's fault. I just think it's I didn't make a scene or anything. I just got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5717.1s	5717.1	 I taste it because I just said, Can I please have a latte? Assuming that it would come with milk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5721.0s	5721.0	 like most most normal places. Yes. And now I have to actually ask for milk because they think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5726.7s	5726.7	 this chemical composite stuff that's called open. Have you looked at the ingredients?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5731.1s	5731.1	 And we had this conversation. Yes, we as anybody listen, we didn't even get to male chimp CEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5736.3s	5736.3	 Ben chestnut, who is, you know, like one of the kind great CEOs of our generation getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5742.0s	5742.0	 Yeah, his memo is his last name. Really chestnut. I believe it is. Yeah, it's just, it's just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5747.7s	5747.7	 that's a great guy. I met him so many times, incredible human. And he's been ousted. Should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5752.1s	5752.1	 we do outros because you didn't do intro to J Cal. Did you have? All right. So here's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5758.0s	5758.0	 for the Sultan of Science, the queen of kinwa himself, climbing the stray cat leaderboard as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5764.6s	5764.6	 we speak. David Friedberg, follow him on his Twitter handle where you can get all kinds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5769.4s	5769.4	 hot takes from science to Ukraine at Friedberg is the hand I never tweet. I know that's the joke.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5777.5s	5777.5	 So with with us again, the anchor, he'll be doing a twitch streaming where he translates the emotions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5783.8s	5783.8	 I'm actually doing my cooking show, which has a base of oat milk. It's my oat milk top 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5791.1s	5791.1	 beverages tonight on Twitch. Just follow stray Friedberg. Get it. I don't want to get Brigadoon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5796.4s	5796.4	 by the oatmeal clubbers, but they're coming. Milk stands are coming for you, man. You listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5801.5s	5801.5	 I don't want that chemical stuff in my body, but I'm not going to stop you from doing it. I'll do a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5805.8s	5805.8	 diatribe on chemicals in oat milk next week. What should we drink if you did have a choice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5811.0s	5811.0	 Friedberg if you didn't want to drink the chemicals in a only what would you drink? What would you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5814.2s	5814.2	 advise? What do you drink? Nothing drink soy milk, oat milk, whatever. Okay. But you okay, but you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5819.8s	5819.8	 okay. And bringing that namaste tasted milk. I drink the beautiful glass jar. No, I'm asking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5829.4s	5829.4	 free birth of milk. Yes. $3 returns for each glass bottle. I returned them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5836.6s	5836.6	 and get them from good. Have you tried? Have you tried? I'll tell you what is going to happen in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5840.3s	5840.3	 the next. He's never had milk in the next 10 to 15 years. Most of the milk you buy at the store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5846.7s	5846.7	 will be identical to cows milk, same protein composition. It will be built in a slurry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5854.9s	5854.9	 I mean, you can make fun of it, but you do work in the tech industry. But yeah, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5859.5s	5859.5	 precision fermentation is the future of making animal proteins. You freeburg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5868.4s	5868.4	 Telling you there is an economic model that will work where we're gonna that's great. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5872.1s	5872.1	 but I'm saying between between now and then can I just do things? Number one is there's a taste
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5877.4s	5877.4	 and a flavor profile I've grown up with that I would like and I don't think I'm a bad person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5881.4s	5881.4	 So I just like to have that and not be made to feel guilty about it. Okay. And, and number two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5887.1s	5887.1	 I don't want to put chemicals in my body. Okay. So if I can find a natural thing that I like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5892.2s	5892.2	 can I please just drink that? Can I just please blue bottle have that in my coffee without having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5896.6s	5896.6	 to explicitly ask for it? Yes, you will get that. And number two, you're sure it's still owned by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5902.2s	5902.2	 Nestle and they're the largest dairy producer has still has a short on Otley. So let's just keep this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5907.7s	5907.7	 going for just two more weeks. Okay, let me ask you an ethical moral question. I'm joking. He does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5912.2s	5912.2	 not have a short. I don't even know if Otley is public. I'd rather you ask me an ethical moral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5915.4s	5915.4	 question than a political one. So I'm going to Yeah, I mean, we got a break from Ukraine this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5918.8s	5918.8	 week. Would you have if the synthetic version of milk or steak was made? Like and is a protein
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5929.6s	5929.6	 that is exactly the same to a cow? Would you have a problem morally with eating and or drinking it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5935.1s	5935.1	 No. So the objective of what's called precision fermentation, or some people call it bio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5939.5s	5939.5	 manufacturing, you take the DNA from the cow or from the chicken, you put it in a yeast cell,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5946.4s	5946.4	 or a bacterial cell, and you put in a fermenter tank, you put sugar water in the tank,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5950.4s	5950.4	 and the yeast cell or bacterial cell eats that sugar water and it spits out that protein.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5954.6s	5954.6	 Yeah, you've programmed that organism to make that protein. And instead of growing a whole cow or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5960.1s	5960.1	 growing a whole friggin chicken, you're growing the protein issue no more issue, no more issue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5964.5s	5964.5	 I got no because no animal died in the making of the process. You know, you're not taking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5967.8s	5967.8	 Can I quote Dave Chappelle here? Go ahead. Yuck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5972.7s	5972.7	 All right. It's gonna it's it's identical to the protein you'd be eating otherwise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5977.2s	5977.2	 Tastes the same. It's the exact same compound. Oh, my god. There's nothing about it that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5981.1s	5981.1	 different. Thanks to the dictator. Thanks to the seldom science and for the fifth bestie coming in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5985.7s	5985.7	 and doing a great job today on behalf of our friend, the sasshole David Sachs, who is busy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=5994.0s	5994.0	 in a secret clandestine piece making junket to Ukraine. I am the world's greatest moderator,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=6001.0s	6001.0	 Jason Calacanis. We'll see you next time on All In. Love you boys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=6024.1s	6024.1	 Oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=6026.1s	6026.1	 besties are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=6036.5s	6036.5	 we should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=6040.9s	6040.9	 like sexual tension, but they just need to release it. What your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=6045.6s	6045.6	 big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5IzFvBQ-Zo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=21&t=6049.8s	6049.8	 we need to get
