https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=0.0s	0.0	 Hey, everybody. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays. It is the end of 2022. And once again, we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6.9s	6.9	 doing our bestie awards. Yes, at the end of the year, we do our bestie awards. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=13.2s	13.2	 where we give awards to the biggest winners, losers and many other categories that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=17.9s	17.9	 love with me again. Of course, the Sultan of science deep in his Kurosawa vibes. How
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=24.9s	24.9	 are you doing Sultan?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=25.9s	25.9	 It was great to see you guys for dinner last night. Sax, we missed you. That was a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=29.5s	29.5	 of fun. We all got together twice this week for dinner while we were on vacation. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=35.3s	35.3	 during our dinner, we took a vote and Sax, you are now the director of the All In Summit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=39.9s	39.9	 Congratulations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=40.9s	40.9	 Yes, congratulations. Yes, the grift is on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=42.7s	42.7	 My first act is to veto it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=44.9s	44.9	 Okay, sorry to the fans. Also with us, of course, is the dictator himself Chamath Palihapitiya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=55.8s	55.8	 phase and his vibes. Tell us about your winter vibes, bestie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=61.2s	61.2	 I mean, I can't believe that we all took over Lake Tahoe for a week together. It's cool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=67.4s	67.4	 It's been a lot of fun. I got to say, Sax, you'll be surprised. J Cal has the life hack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=72.5s	72.5	 of life hacks here. He's figured out how to basically get everything pre wired. All the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=78.5s	78.5	 restaurants, all the reservations. It's been great. I've loved it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=81.4s	81.4	 We've had a wonderful time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=82.4s	82.4	 He puts an eight person table for every night and he does it what months in advance. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=86.6s	86.6	 every night he's got an object.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=87.6s	87.6	 I'm about two weeks out. Every two weeks out, I get a table of eight for five, six nights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=91.7s	91.7	 in a row and then I invite my besties out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=93.9s	93.9	 And oddly it turned out there was only one person from J Cal side just himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=97.6s	97.6	 Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=98.6s	98.6	 There was always room for the rest of us to show up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=101.8s	101.8	 We had a wonderful time. I picked up the check for the nachos and Chamath brought $6,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=107.9s	107.9	 worth of wine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=109.3s	109.3	 I brought my own also to the restaurant yesterday so we could open the wine properly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=114.0s	114.0	 It was wonderful. We've had a wonderful time. And of course with us looks like he had to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=118.6s	118.6	 work over the Christmas break. Sax, how are you doing brother? You're working today?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=123.7s	123.7	 I'm good. I'm just hanging out somewhere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=127.1s	127.1	 Well, come on. You can be honest. You're at the Twitter HQ. I recognize that incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=132.1s	132.1	 architecture and design. They spent so much money on that office space.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=135.8s	135.8	 Beautiful office.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=136.8s	136.8	 Definitely beautiful office.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=138.7s	138.7	 They've got their own bespoke coffee shop here called The Perch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=143.7s	143.7	 We're the people that work there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=145.2s	145.2	 Too soon. Too soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=148.2s	148.2	 The people are working too hard to be hanging out in the coffee shop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=167.2s	167.2	 Okay, so let's get started with our bestie awards. This is very controversial. We start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=173.0s	173.0	 with a political award. And last year, you know, this is our just so we're clear, this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=179.3s	179.3	 is not the prediction show. The next week will be the prediction show. This week is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=183.4s	183.4	 our winners.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=184.4s	184.4	 Cue the music.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=185.4s	185.4	 Yes, cue the music. Right there. Okay, here we go. 2022 predictions. This is what we predicted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=192.6s	192.6	 for the bestie award for biggest political winner. I said Ron DeSantis and so did David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=199.4s	199.4	 Sacks. We predicted in 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=200.9s	200.9	 You said it after me. You said it after me. And the way you introduced it, you said, what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=205.7s	205.7	 did Tucker Carlson's writers come up with? I said DeSantis and then you said DeSantis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=210.3s	210.3	 Are you starting already? Literally, I'm trying to give you your flowers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=213.3s	213.3	 No, I reviewed the tape.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=214.3s	214.3	 Already? Who are fighting like brothers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=215.3s	215.3	 I reviewed the tape.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=216.3s	216.3	 Okay, take it easy. You're going to get your flowers. So Ron DeSantis, obviously a big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=220.6s	220.6	 winner. So those were those were great predictions. Freberg with a wild card there, he predicted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=226.5s	226.5	 Putin would be a winner in 2022. That one fell a little flat. Did it not our friend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=230.8s	230.8	 Freberg? Not a winner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=232.2s	232.2	 No, I think he you know, I mean, my projection was really built on what I thought would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=237.5s	237.5	 a big kind of influence that he would gain this year. You know, whether he's viewed negatively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=241.5s	241.5	 or positively, he's certainly at the center of the stage right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=244.1s	244.1	 Now Chamath, your 22 prediction, this is your prediction last year for this year, was that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=249.5s	249.5	 the biggest political winner would be Xi Jinping. Okay, now we go to our actual biggest winner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=256.5s	256.5	 This is where we tell you who we thought was the biggest winner of 2022. Let's start with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=261.6s	261.6	 you, Sax. Who is your biggest winner for 2022? Political biggest winner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=267.1s	267.1	 This was the prediction that I nailed as you mentioned it. So the red wave fizzled everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=272.4s	272.4	 else but it crashed over Florida hard. So DeSantis is my pick. He won re-election by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=278.2s	278.2	 20 points and his coattails carried four new GOP house seats, which happens to be the exact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=283.2s	283.2	 size of the GOP majority. Several polls have now shown him beating Donald Trump by significant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=289.1s	289.1	 margins for the 2024 GOP nomination. He is shattering fundraising records. Florida is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=294.5s	294.5	 now the fastest growing state. So he is my pick for the biggest winner, political winner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=300.4s	300.4	 of 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=302.4s	302.4	 So who is your biggest political winner? Chamath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=307.1s	307.1	 I mean, it's obvious it's Xi Jinping. You know, there is no single person in the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=314.6s	314.6	 that is now as powerful as this one man. He has complete authoritarian control over 1.2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=324.2s	324.2	 odd billion people and 20% of the world's GDP and a large amount of the world's debt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=331.1s	331.1	 a lot of US dollar debt. And so, you know, it's pretty, there's there's it's hard to find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=338.4s	338.4	 anybody that won nearly as much as he did. Okay, now to you, Friedberg, who is your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=344.2s	344.2	 biggest political winner of 2022? I mean, I think your DeSantis and Xi Jinping calls were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=351.6s	351.6	 really like, good. I think the biggest surprising winner for me is like, you know, unexpected.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=359.1s	359.1	 And that would be Zelensky from the Ukraine. I don't think going into this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=364.0s	364.0	 people paid as much attention to him. He was certainly not a song hero. But coming through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=369.5s	369.5	 this conflict, and I think leading the storyline about our common enemy of the West, and common
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=376.8s	376.8	 enemy of democracy being Vladimir Putin, really kind of made him a superstar and a hero on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=382.5s	382.5	 global stage. And I think that's evidenced by the fact that he was in the White House. And he gave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=386.4s	386.4	 an address to the US Congress yesterday. So I would make him kind of the biggest winner of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=390.4s	390.4	 year. It's hard to go against DeSantis. So, you know, he clearly has, as Sachs correctly pointed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=398.4s	398.4	 out, gone into the lead, we'll see if he can be Trump in the primaries, I have my doubts, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=404.2s	404.2	 he does seem to be pulling in some of those moderates, right? I don't understand why you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=408.6s	408.6	 guys say he's a political winner. What did he win? He hasn't won the nomination yet. He got reelected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=414.8s	414.8	 to a state that he had before 2022. So what did he win exactly?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=418.7s	418.7	 Pete Slauson Well, I think a couple of things. One is when he won
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=422.0s	422.0	 election to the governorship four years ago, it was by less than 1%. It was a tiny margin of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=426.8s	426.8	 victory. This was margin of almost 20%. He had coattails, and he is now the front runner for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=433.3s	433.3	 GOP nomination in 24. I think you can argue, you can make the case that maybe he's peaking too soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=438.6s	438.6	 Well, I'm glad you brought that up because if you look at the data, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=442.8s	442.8	 I think in the last seven or eight nomination cycles, the person that's been leading the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=448.9s	448.9	 popularity contest going into the Iowa caucuses has not won the nomination. He's peaking too soon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=454.0s	454.0	 almost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=454.3s	454.3	 Pete Slauson That's a possibility because when you're the front runner, everyone takes shots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=457.7s	457.7	 at you. On the other hand, if he stays this dominant, he will drive out other contenders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=465.2s	465.2	 out of the primary, and he may be able to solidify it. And if it can just be DeSantis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=469.8s	469.8	 versus Trump in the primary, he has stands a much better shot than if it's Trump versus a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=473.9s	473.9	 other challengers. And I think that if he continues to pull this well within the Republican party,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=480.8s	480.8	 I think Trump might not run again because Trump definitely does not want to risk being a loser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=485.0s	485.0	 in the Republican primary. So yeah, there's always front runner risks, but it's hard to say that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=490.4s	490.4	 coming out of this year that he wasn't a huge political winner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=493.7s	493.7	 Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=494.0s	494.0	 Pete Slauson If we're going to challenge other people's picks, I would maybe challenge Zelensky.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=498.0s	498.0	 There's no question that he's been a global media hero, but two-thirds of Kyiv is currently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=504.0s	504.0	 without power. 80% of Kyiv doesn't have water. 30% of the Ukrainian power stations have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=509.0s	509.0	 destroyed. Nearly half of the country is without power. There's something like 8 million displaced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=516.6s	516.6	 Ukrainians in the country, and over 100,000 Ukrainians have been killed in this war. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=522.5s	522.5	 yes, he's been a very strong, charismatic war leader for them, but-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=526.0s	526.0	 Jared
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=530.8s	530.8	 I'm not advocating for his performance as a leader. I'm advocating for his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=534.7s	534.7	 accumulation of political goodwill. And that's it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=538.0s	538.0	 Pete Slauson Okay. And he is winning the war. So, I guess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=542.4s	542.4	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=542.4s	542.4	 Pete Slauson Is that winning?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=544.0s	544.0	 Jared Well, in war, they say nobody wins, but it's certainly better than having your country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=549.2s	549.2	 taken over by Putin. So, some would argue that's winning. Let's go to biggest losers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=553.9s	553.9	 Biggest losers. In 2022, we predicted, again, this is our predictions from last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=559.6s	559.6	 and then we'll go on to our actuals for this year. Last year, we predicted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=564.3s	564.3	 Chamath said the progressive left, Sachs said Nancy Pelosi,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=567.6s	567.6	 Freberg, you said US influence globally. Interesting. And I said the extremes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=572.0s	572.0	 both Biden and Trump. Let's go with our predictions. I'm sorry, with our actuals for this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=577.6s	577.6	 Chamath, why don't you go first this time? Who is your biggest political loser for 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=582.7s	582.7	 Chammath I mean, I don't think it's as written about as much, but the progressive left did see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=589.6s	589.6	 as much failure as the MAGA right. So, they were a huge loser. I mean, to the extent that anybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=596.7s	596.7	 thought that leftist, you know, quasi socialist policies and politics was a winning strategy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=602.3s	602.3	 I think that was pretty soundly refuted. Even in places that were pretty staunchly Democrat,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=607.9s	607.9	 it was really difficult for the progressive left to do much of anything but lose. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=613.4s	613.4	 I think that was a really powerful and important repudiation. And I think it marginalizes them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=621.0s	621.0	 to a bunch of, you know, kooks almost. And I think that that's really healthy for politics going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=627.1s	627.1	 forward. Will So your prediction and your actual are going to be the same than the progressive left?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=631.7s	631.7	 Chamath I think they were the biggest political loser in the United States, at least.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=634.7s	634.7	 Will Okay, yeah, Elizabeth Warren. We don't hear people talking about Elizabeth Warren or Bernie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=638.6s	638.6	 Sanders much this year. Chamath Yeah, and I think that the biggest political loser outside of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=642.7s	642.7	 United States was probably the European Union. Will Okay, you want to expand on that a little bit?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=647.0s	647.0	 Chamath If you just think about the corner that they painted themselves into,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=651.4s	651.4	 how much they had to basically literally go 180 degrees away from what their policies were,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=658.4s	658.4	 you know, there was a huge raft of whether it was green, ESG, kind of woke liberal politics that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=665.6s	665.6	 manifested itself in all kinds of national security decisions and energy decisions that in this last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=671.0s	671.0	 year, they literally had to undo in order to stay alive. And that makes that whole political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=678.0s	678.0	 construct, I think, very fragile. So they were they were a pretty big political loser outside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=683.2s	683.2	 of the United States. Will Okay, Sax, it's gonna be hard here to guess this one. But Sax, who is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=689.6s	689.6	 your biggest political loser in 2022? I have no idea who you're gonna pick here. Chamath By the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=695.6s	695.6	 I got Pelosi right last year that she did lose the gavel. So you've got to say that the war in Ukraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=701.1s	701.1	 was the biggest event of the year. And obviously, you can spread the blame around to a lot of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=706.4s	706.4	 starting with Putin, because he's one who ordered the invasion. But I would say this is a slightly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=710.8s	710.8	 different take on the category, which is biggest political blunder occurred on January 27th of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=716.5s	716.5	 year, when Blinken said that NATO's door is open and must remain open. And that is our commitment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=723.2s	723.2	 he basically shut the door, he kept NATO's door open, but shut the door on any means of a diplomatic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=729.1s	729.1	 off ramp to end this conflict by promising Russia, the Ukraine would not become part of NATO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=733.7s	733.7	 That was the single biggest diplomatic blunder of this year, or maybe the last couple of decades,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=739.6s	739.6	 because there's a good chance we could have avoided this disastrous war, if we had just been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=744.4s	744.4	 willing to close NATO's door. Wonderful, great, crisp answer. Thank you for that. Nice and tight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=748.7s	748.7	 Friedberg, who's your biggest political loser for 2022? It was a tie for me between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=754.7s	754.7	 Jerome Powell and Liz Truss. Liz Truss just has to get recognition here for only being in office for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=761.2s	761.2	 45 days as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. I mean, I think that is cannot be overlooked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=767.6s	767.6	 The some of the policy and folks that she put in, in office, caused massive chaos. It was just a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=775.9s	775.9	 clear dysfunction over a very short period of time. Jerome Powell, I think this was a big surprise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=782.8s	782.8	 this year to see how the Fed chair became so politicized and his role became so politicized,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=791.6s	791.6	 both kind of the left and the right finding reasons to question his leadership
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=799.2s	799.2	 and his decision making. The failure to raise rates soon enough led to massive inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=804.7s	804.7	 is what you'll hear from one contingent of politicians and the public at large.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=809.2s	809.2	 And then the rate at which he's raising rates now to catch up to the to calm inflation is causing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=814.8s	814.8	 people to complain on the other side. So there is really no one that seems to be happy with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=818.2s	818.2	 Jerome Powell. And I think that that that was a shooting star that seems to have completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=823.0s	823.0	 lost its luster. Okay, so the Fed, yes, good poll there. Okay, mine is pretty clear. And objectively,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=828.3s	828.3	 it is, of course, the GOP, the red wave failed, it turned into a trickle. Trump is back, and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=835.3s	835.3	 believe there's a good chance he will win the primary Roe v Wade, a complete unmitigated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=840.4s	840.4	 disaster for Republicans, they caught the car and plus marriage equality and having to deal with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=848.0s	848.0	 that women and the LGBT community vote and they have long memories. The GOP, the biggest political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=855.0s	855.0	 losers for me. Okay, I'm sure sex has no rebuttal there. So we will move on to the next category,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=862.0s	862.0	 which is, by the way, if you say it that way, then you know, the biggest political loser in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=867.7s	867.7	 2022 were women look at like fundamental human rights were stripped away from 50% of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=874.0s	874.0	 population. So that's not cool. And they could have left it alone. And they could have left it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=880.1s	880.1	 alone. Well, if if what you mean is that the issue was sent to the states and each state then gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=885.8s	885.8	 to decide, then you're right. But eat. But if you look at the battles have happened at the states,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=890.4s	890.4	 even red states like Kentucky and Kansas have rejected the subsequent political push to outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=897.6s	897.6	 abortion. So it has not turned out to be just by the fact that all of these red states basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=905.3s	905.3	 re confirmed and enshrined a woman's right to choose may actually go more to show that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=911.5s	911.5	 Supreme Court is totally out of touch, and that they didn't need to touch Roe v Wade. And the fact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=916.8s	916.8	 that they did opened up, you know, a huge can of worms in 50 states that now go and need to go and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=922.2s	922.2	 adjudicate this thing, where it looked like actually that decision, even back in the day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=927.9s	927.9	 even though the way that it was done, you know, there was a lot of room for improvement, clearly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=931.6s	931.6	 everybody agrees with that, but was actually after you know, 50 plus years reasonable law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=937.0s	937.0	 And so now that you took that law away, now folks even in the red states are like, no, it was fine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=941.4s	941.4	 which means that this whole thing was a huge political gambit more than it was actual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=946.4s	946.4	 societal intention. Okay, so we are going to move on now. I just I'll add my final two cents to that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=952.3s	952.3	 As I said, I do think women and the LGBT community have very long memories and the people who are in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=959.1s	959.1	 the moderate are not going to forget how they were treated by the GOP in this specific issue. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=964.8s	964.8	 biggest political surprise, we didn't do predictions last year, but I'll just run down what everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=969.8s	969.8	 said was their political surprise. I said, the fact that Kamala Harris was sidelined was pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=975.8s	975.8	 surprising to me. And that's continued. Shamath, you said Joe Manchin was your biggest political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=981.7s	981.7	 surprise, Glenn Youngkin winning, Sachs, that was your biggest surprise. And Friedberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=988.1s	988.1	 the January 6 crowd, making it into the Capitol during the insurrection was your biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=995.6s	995.6	 political surprise. So here we go. Our 2022 biggest political surprise. Sachs, let's start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1001.7s	1001.7	 with you. You have a lot to say about politics. Go. Well, the biggest political surprise to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1006.1s	1006.1	 was no red wave. So I admit I got this prediction wrong. You know, I got all my previous ones right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1011.9s	1011.9	 Jay Kalis. I'm going to admit I got this one wrong. You know, I believe that the electorate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1016.4s	1016.4	 would focus on the fundamentals. Three quarters of the country thought we're on the wrong track.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1020.0s	1020.0	 Three quarters think we're in a recession. Nevertheless, the Republicans did not do nearly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1024.8s	1024.8	 as well as predicted. They only gained nine seats in the House. They actually lost a seat in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1028.5s	1028.5	 Senate. And I think that that had something to do with candidate quality. And of course, the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1034.5s	1034.5	 election denial narrative basically was a disaster for them. I hope that the Republicans move on and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1042.0s	1042.0	 stop talking about the past. What voters want to hear about is the future. Friedberg, did you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1046.9s	1046.9	 a biggest political surprise for 2022, Friedberg? Yeah, it's also the failure of the red wave. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1051.4s	1051.4	 mean, that was my, my pick. I think the consensus going into the election was with, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1058.3s	1058.3	 rising inflation and the disdain that everyone had for the way politicians kind of managed us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1063.7s	1063.7	 through COVID and then managed us through the economic recovery. It's, it was inevitable to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1068.1s	1068.1	 see a flip and it didn't happen. I think obviously we talked about why that is, but that was a big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1072.7s	1072.7	 surprise for everyone. Chamath, what was your biggest political surprise of 2022? Chamath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1078.3s	1078.3	 Palihapitiya. The absolute toothlessness of MAGA and Donald Trump. I mean, he was just a scarlet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1086.9s	1086.9	 letter. If you were anywhere near this guy, you were going to lose. And that's surprising considering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1095.2s	1095.2	 how traditional Republicans were pandering to him up until frankly, just a few months ago. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1102.7s	1102.7	 that we exposed the emperor as having no clothes and that he marginalizes and sidelines candidates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1113.0s	1113.0	 into a fringe following that cannot go mainstream. That was, it was really surprising to see how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1118.9s	1118.9	 stark that was this year. Fantastic. I'm going to build on your Chamath. I had two here. Number two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1126.3s	1126.3	 was Roe v. Wade, but we've beaten that. I think we discussed it as much as we possibly could.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1131.0s	1131.0	 My number one building on your Chamath is that despite what's happened with Trump, the documents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1138.5s	1138.5	 his cases in the United States and New York about taxes, despite all of this, the January 6th
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1144.9s	1144.9	 insurrection, despite all this, Trump is still viable. I can't believe he's still viable and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1150.7s	1150.7	 that he is going to be out there in the primaries and he's going to have to debate DeSantis. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1156.7s	1156.7	 don't know that DeSantis can beat him in a debate. I think he might win. So this is completely scary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1162.4s	1162.4	 for both me and Sax. I think it's terrifying. It's Sax's nightmare and mine. Well, I think he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1167.2s	1167.2	 mainly viable in the minds of the MAGA debt enders and the mainstream media who want to keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1175.0s	1175.0	 him alive. And the Biden administration wants to keep him alive and they'll do anything to keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1178.0s	1178.0	 him alive and in the news. And you love keeping him in the news. So it's a, it's a codependent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1183.2s	1183.2	 relationship between the mainstream media, which you sometimes front for and Trump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1189.0s	1189.0	 Be careful telling me what I think. We need to end this codependency, J. Cal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1192.4s	1192.4	 Well, I wish the Republican party would finally take ownership of this disaster that is Trump and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1199.2s	1199.2	 tell him that he has no business, but you guys keep him in the game. And the fact that he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1202.7s	1202.7	 viable again, your personal nightmare and mine. Okay. Biggest business winner. Everybody excited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1208.6s	1208.6	 to get off politics right now and get to our kill zone, which is business. So last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1215.1s	1215.1	 we had predictions in this category. I had said Disney, that's an up and down prediction. I'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1219.9s	1219.9	 get into that in a moment. Tramath, you said small and medium sized businesses, the old SMBs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1224.8s	1224.8	 Sac said rise of the rest, the flyover States and Freberg, you said stripe. Tramath, let's start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1230.7s	1230.7	 with you SMBs. What did you get right? What did you get wrong here? I mean, I whiffed, it just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1234.9s	1234.9	 completely missed the global macro shift that we embarked on in full force starting in Q1 of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1243.7s	1243.7	 year. It was, it is the most important business story of the year. It's just like we have an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1249.1s	1249.1	 absolute complete regime change. And by the way, that regime change is so complete and so, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1258.3s	1258.3	 thorough that it even touched Japan just a few weeks ago, or sorry, just a few days ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1263.0s	1263.0	 where Japan who fight, you know, finally yielded on this idea of you're going to work and have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1267.6s	1267.6	 negative interest rates and yield curve control, even they finally broken it and raised rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1273.0s	1273.0	 So it is an absolute worldwide sea change in how we need to think about risk. And I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1279.6s	1279.6	 worth talking about a little bit later in the show. But that was the single biggest business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1285.4s	1285.4	 story of the year. I'll add to what Tramath said, I missed this too, even though on another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1289.1s	1289.1	 prediction, when you asked what the biggest business loser would be, I think I said that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1294.0s	1294.0	 it would be asset classes that have been pumped up by the feds money printing because you start to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1298.8s	1298.8	 feel now. So I got that part right. But what I didn't connect it to were all the asset classes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1304.7s	1304.7	 actually got pummeled. So I kind of conceptually understood that rates were rising, but I totally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1311.0s	1311.0	 underestimated the magnitude of the shift, the way that growth stocks would get hammered, the way that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1317.1s	1317.1	 crypto would get destroyed, the fact that like, tiger basically got blown out of the industry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1321.8s	1321.8	 I mean, I had the right general intuition, but I didn't translate it into the specific asset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1328.4s	1328.4	 types and the magnitude of the shift. And also the like what Tramath said, a real regime change now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1333.8s	1333.8	 and how markets are viewing stock performance. It's really incredible. Freiburg, let's get in on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1339.8s	1339.8	 this. This is somewhere where you can contribute deeply. What do you think about your take last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1344.9s	1344.9	 year? And you still believe in Stripe? Yeah, I mean, look, it's a business that obviously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1351.4s	1351.4	 benefited greatly from the pandemic and the adoption of, you know, the payment processing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1358.0s	1358.0	 infrastructure that they've built across their across various kind of e commerce platforms. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1363.6s	1363.6	 I've been I'm not an investor, so I don't have any numbers. But there are public reports that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1367.2s	1367.2	 have highlighted that the revenue increased 66% this year. They've indicated that they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1371.6s	1371.6	 probably going to experience significant revenue slowdown with the recession ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1375.2s	1375.2	 But it still seems like a super high quality business. And you know, valuation wise, who knows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1380.8s	1380.8	 what things are going to be worth when they ultimately come to market, there's certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1384.3s	1384.3	 no one going to going public right now. So at some point, we'll see, you know, whether valuations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1389.3s	1389.3	 play out. But it seems like it continues to be a very strong, one of the strongest private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1393.5s	1393.5	 businesses that's being built in Silicon Valley. We will get to 2022. Biggest business winners in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1399.6s	1399.6	 one second, I will just say for Disney, yeah, man, what a swing, Bob Chapick in and then out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1408.5s	1408.5	 and now Bob Iger back. So I feel like I got this one wrong and right. At the same time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1412.4s	1412.4	 I still believe in the company deeply. I think they're gonna have a big win. Let's get to our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1417.2s	1417.2	 actual biggest winner of 2022. Sax, why don't you lead us off with your biggest winner of 2022 for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1425.4s	1425.4	 business? I said Lockheed Martin along with other defense stocks, Lockheed Martin, which makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1431.2s	1431.2	 Javelins and high Mars is up 40% in the past year when most of the markets been weighed down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1436.1s	1436.1	 Northrop Grumman is also up almost 40%. And even some of the lesser performers like Raytheon and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1441.5s	1441.5	 General Dynamics are up about almost 20% in a terrible market environment. The fact of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1447.4s	1447.4	 matter is war is terrible, but it appears to be good business. We've sent so many weapons to Ukraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1453.0s	1453.0	 that there's recent press reports that the US stockpiles of missiles, Javelins and stingers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1459.1s	1459.1	 are now depleted. So these companies are gonna keep doing well for the next year at least.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1464.4s	1464.4	 Now there's a new appropriation sailing through something like 44 billion of new funding for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1468.9s	1468.9	 war. It's now over $100 billion. McConnell says this is the Republicans' number one priority.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1475.5s	1475.5	 This is now a bipartisan concern. And if you think the war is expensive, just wait for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1479.2s	1479.2	 reconstruction. That's estimated to cost roughly a trillion dollars to build Ukraine back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1485.1s	1485.1	 Sacks, can I ask you a question about that? Are these, when we fund these wars, I've heard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1490.0s	1490.0	 different versions of this, can't get a clear answer. When we provide weapons and systems like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1495.8s	1495.8	 this, are they not on account and we ask for money back at some point? Do you know the answer to that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1500.4s	1500.4	 question? You think we're gonna get money back? Are you kidding me? It seems to be sometimes that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1504.4s	1504.4	 we do. So that's why I was asking. I think it's something there hasn't been clarity on. Look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1508.1s	1508.1	 I think the war has been phenomenal business for the military industrial complex. So that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1513.4s	1513.4	 what we're seeing here. Not so great for the rest of the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1516.5s	1516.5	 Friberg, what do you got? Yeah. I mean, I think you guys will remember
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1519.7s	1519.7	 last November, I predicted energy and defense to be the best performing stocks for this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1526.3s	1526.3	 Sacks is right. I think defense is up 40%. So I kind of went with the bigger oil and gas companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1532.4s	1532.4	 are up across the board about 47% in terms of equity value in the public markets year to date
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1539.8s	1539.8	 compared to the S&P being down about 20%. So over the short term, I would argue oil and gas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1544.9s	1544.9	 companies. But I think that over the long term, there were a couple of big breakthrough moments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1550.6s	1550.6	 that I would give kind of the winner in business that will benefit over the long term to open AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1556.8s	1556.8	 and to fusion startups. And we'll talk more about why for those two, obviously later when we get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1562.6s	1562.6	 the biggest winner in tech and science. But yeah, short term oil and gas, they benefited from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1567.3s	1567.3	 supply constraints and the conflict in the Ukraine and then longer term, I think, opening AI and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1571.2s	1571.2	 fusion startups. Well, and by the way, I mean, just to give Friberg some credit here, you actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1575.2s	1575.2	 predicted the war or you predicted a war. I don't know if you predicted this war, but you predicted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1579.4s	1579.4	 war in 2022. Yeah, I predicted the war and Putin kind of rising to the center stage and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1587.3s	1587.3	 that was a huge prediction because I don't think most people, even most analysts, well, they were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1591.0s	1591.0	 surprised even when the invasion happened. I think people are still very surprised both that Putin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1595.1s	1595.1	 would order it. But also, if you say the situation, I think you got to be surprised that we didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1599.9s	1599.9	 negotiate harder to try and prevent it. I traded it too. I bought an energy ETF. So it worked out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1605.2s	1605.2	 for me. Okay, Chamath, your biggest business winner of 2022. Nick can throw it up, but it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1611.3s	1611.3	 basically any single person that understands the following formula. So if you this is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1617.2s	1617.2	 so good. This is the this is the capital asset pricing model. So what is this? This is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1622.0s	1622.0	 before you make any investment, what it actually tells you is here's the rate of return that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1627.4s	1627.4	 need to generate above the risk free rate in order for you to justify making that investment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1634.5s	1634.5	 And if you really understood the capital asset pricing model going into 2022,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1640.4s	1640.4	 it would have been difficult for you to not make money. Because all of a sudden, as the 10 year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1645.6s	1645.6	 flexed up, and as you know, the volatility, particularly of things like tech stocks went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1651.2s	1651.2	 crazy, you could have figured out where you to park your money. And all these people that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1658.0s	1658.0	 built businesses around this capital asset pricing model. So you have companies, obviously, so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1663.1s	1663.1	 you know, you have sectors of the economy, like defense or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1668.5s	1668.5	 energy stocks, consumer goods and staples, they all had moments where they all did well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1674.4s	1674.4	 But if you take it one step above, the organizations that actually ran big macro books
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1679.8s	1679.8	 or really understood how to algorithmically implement this capital asset pricing model just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1686.0s	1686.0	 ran roughshod over the markets. And, you know, said in a different way, it's sort of my background,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1692.0s	1692.0	 which is, you know, if you understood the capital asset pricing model, you would have been a massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1696.8s	1696.8	 bear. And the bear got fed this year to a degree that none of us could have anticipated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1701.2s	1701.2	 Okay, so am I correct saying the capital asset pricing model is the biggest winner?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1706.4s	1706.4	 Or no people that understood it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1708.3s	1708.3	 People that understood it got it. Okay. And for my biggest winner, I went with chat,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1713.4s	1713.4	 GPT slash open AI and their partner Microsoft. Why did I pick that as the biggest winner?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1718.7s	1718.7	 Well, on my other podcast this week in startups, we played a game chat GPT versus the first result
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1725.7s	1725.7	 of Google's and Molly and I could not tell the difference. And in fact, we picked chat GPT's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1732.1s	1732.1	 answers. Often above Google's Google, one of the greatest businesses and franchises ever created
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1740.4s	1740.4	 has no answer at currently for chat GPT because Google's business model is to get you to click on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1748.7s	1748.7	 an ad between links. If you give the actual answer, then the person doesn't stops clicking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1755.2s	1755.2	 If they stop clicking, Google stops making money. There is no business model in search.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1761.6s	1761.6	 If the person gets their answer because they're done, this is an existential threat. Like we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1766.7s	1766.7	 not seen. And our friend Sam Altman has a line chat GPT slash open AI with Microsoft. Microsoft,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1773.5s	1773.5	 I think is going to release a, and there's a prediction as well, a search engine with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1781.2s	1781.2	 open AI that has a significant impact on Google's franchise. We didn't think this would ever happen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1787.5s	1787.5	 and it's here. Okay. The biggest losers in business. We made predictions last year. I said in 2020,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1795.1s	1795.1	 I predicted in 2021, the biggest loser in 2022 would be crypto. By the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1799.5s	1799.5	 Friedberg, you agreed with me and we nailed it. You agreed with me. Well, yes, that's correct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1806.5s	1806.5	 We were in agreement. How about that? We were in agreement. We were in agreement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1809.6s	1809.6	 Sax, you said, and Chamath visa slash mastercard. We'll get into that. And Sax, you said asset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1816.1s	1816.1	 classes benefiting from government pumps. Very interesting. The fed stopping QE. Interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1822.8s	1822.8	 Anybody have comments on their predictions or each other's predictions from last year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1827.1s	1827.1	 On a percentage basis, David absolutely nailed it. Sax absolutely nailed it. On a dollar basis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1833.9s	1833.9	 the biggest business loser of this year was big tech. And I think that you saw three things happen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1840.7s	1840.7	 which I think are important for the future. The first was it was the most crowded trade,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1848.8s	1848.8	 both by professional money managers as well as retail. And that fever finally broke in the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1854.9s	1854.9	 half of in the second half of this year. And now going into these last few weeks, you're seeing a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1860.9s	1860.9	 lot of panicked selling to cover losses and other things. So I think that number one, that happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1871.2s	1871.2	 Number two, regulators basically said, we're going to go after these guys every single,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1875.1s	1875.1	 which way we can. And then number three, I think it started to change the innovation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1881.1s	1881.1	 cycle where people now actually believe that they can't outspend because folks won't tolerate it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1886.8s	1886.8	 And the things that they're spending their money on seem kind of foolish. And so I think the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1892.0s	1892.0	 you know, big tech is probably not discussed enough, but it was a huge loser for this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1896.7s	1896.7	 in terms of what happened. Absolutely. 2022's actual biggest business loser, Chamath says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1903.0s	1903.0	 big tech. Freeberg, who is your biggest business loser for 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1907.7s	1907.7	 I mean, this one's just a simple FTX. I mean, that was such a incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1914.0s	1914.0	 revelation of the scale of the scam and the fraud and the craziness that went on. And I think what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1919.9s	1919.9	 was interesting about FTX is it had implications, not just for crypto, and not just for kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1925.6s	1925.6	 offshore regulatory, not just for fraud, but also for the investors. We had a whole debate about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1931.5s	1931.5	 whether the press and journalists failed to kind of, you know, appropriately investigate this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1937.2s	1937.2	 rather than give him accolades because he said the right things, which he said he did over IM.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1941.6s	1941.6	 And investors failed to do relevant amounts of due diligence or form a board and have proper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1945.7s	1945.7	 governance over him because they wanted to be part of the hot new thing and everyone had capital to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1949.7s	1949.7	 deploy. And I think what was interesting about the FTX failure is it didn't just, it wasn't just a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1954.5s	1954.5	 failure due to fraud, but it revealed so many parts of kind of, you know, I call it, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1961.7s	1961.7	 systemic laziness and systemic kind of blind eye and systemic bias that allowed and enabled this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1968.9s	1968.9	 to happen. It was really a revealing kind of failure. And that's why I kind of gave it the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1974.8s	1974.8	 award. Mr. David Sachs, who is your biggest business loser of 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1980.5s	1980.5	 Well, you kind of mentioned this. I picked Bob Chapek, who's the former Disney CEO. He was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1985.5s	1985.5	 Iger's handpicked successor three years ago. Then the pandemic hit, which shut down the theme parks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1991.1s	1991.1	 Then I think the big mistake was allowing himself to be maumau by woke employees into picking a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=1995.5s	1995.5	 fight with DeSantis over the so-called don't say gay bill. That caused DeSantis to retaliate by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2001.7s	2001.7	 threatening the special privileges that Disney enjoys in the state. And then he had Iger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2007.6s	2007.6	 undermining him behind the scenes. This was revealed, I think it was in a Wall Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2010.6s	2010.6	 Journal story that he was grousing to insiders that Chapek was not soliciting his advice. And he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2016.2s	2016.2	 was undermining confidence in him with the board. And recently Chapek was forced out and Iger was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2022.0s	2022.0	 put back in charge. Fantastic choice for the biggest loser. How brutal does Iger look in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2026.0s	2026.0	 Wall Street Journal piece? I mean, would anybody work for him? Yes, he is incredible. He looks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2032.8s	2032.8	 terrible. I agree. I read that piece twice, actually. The CFO calling him up, she was the one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2038.4s	2038.4	 who stabbed him, you know, and knifed Chapek. It's a great Wall Street Journal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2043.4s	2043.4	 I don't think that that happens without the support of the person waiting in the wings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2048.5s	2048.5	 Hey, listen, there's a couple of jobs you never quit. You never quit a hit TV show. You never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2053.5s	2053.5	 quit a hit band like Roger Waterdiss or Pink Floyd. Why didn't they just extend this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2057.2s	2057.2	 You never quit the Disney job. It's the best job, the best job in the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2060.5s	2060.5	 But Jason, why go through the theatrics of like grooming somebody, putting them in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2065.6s	2065.6	 your job and then undermining them? Like I, all I'm saying is if you're a good-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2069.2s	2069.2	 I think he made a mistake. I think he made a mistake. He quit and he wanted it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2072.7s	2072.7	 And also if like, if you're a good up and coming exec, I mean, what do you do if like all of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2078.2s	2078.2	 sudden like, you know, you have the opportunity to get groomed for that job? It just seems really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2082.9s	2082.9	 risky. Yeah. I mean, I think Bob Iger realized when he, in that piece, they say he went on his yacht,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2089.8s	2089.8	 his wife didn't come with him. The Western Journal piece is incredible and he's got bored
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2094.3s	2094.3	 and he's 70 something years old. He's almost like in early seventies. Why would you give up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2097.7s	2097.7	 the greatest job in the world? So he went back and he took it back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2100.2s	2100.2	 Didn't Disney have a mandatory retirement age? But this is my point is he was so prolific. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2105.2s	2105.2	 could have extended it. Why not just extend it and be done with it? Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2109.6s	2109.6	 Did you guys read the book he wrote? That ride of a lifetime? What is it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2114.2s	2114.2	 Yeah. And I think that what was interesting about that book was the entire thing was built around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2119.5s	2119.5	 a series of deals that he did. It was like, I did this acquisition and I did this acquisition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2123.6s	2123.6	 Then I did this acquisition and everything for him was building this, this, this empire by doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2129.2s	2129.2	 deals and someone whose storyline and narrative that they tell of themselves that's built as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2134.9s	2134.9	 series of deals is a deal junkie. And you're not going to be a deal junkie where that's your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2139.9s	2139.9	 excitement. That's the thrill. That's the adventure that you get out of life. And then you go and sit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2143.9s	2143.9	 on a yacht. You're not doing any deal sitting on a yacht and you're going to want to get back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2147.2s	2147.2	 that. And I think it's less about kind of management and product. And it was much more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2150.8s	2150.8	 about being in the midst of doing deals. And that's probably why he came back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2154.8s	2154.8	 If this was part of Eiger's diabolical strategy, get back, let me just say like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2158.6s	2158.6	 one of the ways he did it. I mean, Chaypak had the right instincts, which is when this whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2162.4s	2162.4	 Florida debate happened over don't say gay, highly contentious, no comment, no comment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2167.5s	2167.5	 His instinct was just to stay out of it. But then Eiger made some statements about how companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2172.7s	2172.7	 have to live up to their values and that kind of stuff. And then the employees started, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2176.4s	2176.4	 again, you know, a Mao Maoing him to get involved. And he took the bait and he got involved. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2182.4s	2182.4	 he didn't expect is that DeSantis wasn't going to just roll over. DeSantis hit him back really hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2187.9s	2187.9	 and it cost them economically. And then that whole thing was unraveled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2191.9s	2191.9	 And in the first interview that Eiger gave when asked about this question, he was like, no comment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2198.5s	2198.5	 He's like, we're not going to get involved in politics anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2200.7s	2200.7	 We're not getting involved in politics anymore. It was hilarious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2203.6s	2203.6	 That was hilarious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2204.5s	2204.5	 He nudged Chaypak to basically get involved in politics. And then Chaypak basically became
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2209.1s	2209.1	 cannon fodder for DeSantis. And then Eiger's like, oh, we're out of this now. I mean, how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2215.7s	2215.7	 diabolical is that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2217.0s	2217.0	 Oh, it's so diabolical. So dirty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2219.2s	2219.2	 The other two things were Chaypak said, we're going to take away your PNLs to each of the leaders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2226.5s	2226.5	 That is like just neutering them. He basically said, everybody's under the CFO. Everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2230.6s	2230.6	 is going to be on one PNL. That infuriated all the creatives. And then he went to war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2235.4s	2235.4	 with Scarlett Johansson over a $10 million settlement for her Black Widow. He couldn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2241.0s	2241.0	 handle talent. He couldn't handle the politics. And he wanted to control everybody's PNL,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2245.9s	2245.9	 just unforced error after unforced error. Congratulations to my guy, Bayabayger. I own the stock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2250.4s	2250.4	 Do you think he was diabolical at all?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2252.0s	2252.0	 Oh, in the best possible way. In the best possible way, which means that Disney stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2255.8s	2255.8	 is going to go up. Yes, I'm buying more Disney stock this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2258.8s	2258.8	 Is all the woke progressive politics that he projects, is that all just a game to mask what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2264.1s	2264.1	 a viper's nest their executive suite really is? Are you telling me that Disney is a political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2269.2s	2269.2	 corporation after Eisner and Bob Iger and all of this? Michael Ovitz? I mean, it's the history of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2274.9s	2274.9	 Disney. It's the greatest job in the world. It is Game of Thrones to get that job. And Bob Iger got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2280.6s	2280.6	 it back. He's my guy. I'm sticking with him. And they have the best IP in the business. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2284.8s	2284.8	 care how he gets that job back. He's awesome. I gotta say the IP at Warner Media is a real strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2290.1s	2290.1	 contender. I mean, that white lotus, we were talking about this yesterday, how good white
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2293.6s	2293.6	 lotus season two was. It's incredible. It is incredible how HBO produces extraordinary hit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2300.6s	2300.6	 after extraordinary hit. The quality and the consistency of that quality coming out of HBO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2305.7s	2305.7	 is like nothing else. You'll go, I mean, look, Avatar two, I did not like Avatar one. I thought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2310.4s	2310.4	 it was junk. Avatar two is getting panned for being junk as well. Not everything that comes out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2314.9s	2314.9	 of Disney is a hit. They certainly have the best franchises. But man, Warner Media has a lot to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2320.4s	2320.4	 contend with. And, you know, they could end up being a real challenger to Disney in the years ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2325.2s	2325.2	 Sax, did you watch the white lotus season two? Yes or no? No problem. It is absolutely fantastic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2331.4s	2331.4	 We have to do a little fan service here. What did you love Tramoth about white lotus season two?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2336.1s	2336.1	 Give the fans a little service here. Wait, it's on season two. I didn't even see season one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2340.3s	2340.3	 I don't even know what you guys are talking about. Okay, it's the hottest show in television.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2344.7s	2344.7	 Well, I'll tell you what's incredible is there's a diversity of characters and they weave the super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2350.0s	2350.0	 interesting story together. But each of the characters are so distinct and the characters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2354.8s	2354.8	 are played so well. I mean, we were talking about, you know, we were kind of at dinner last night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2360.4s	2360.4	 talking about who our favorite character was on the show and everyone has a different answer and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2364.4s	2364.4	 everyone has a different reason. And then there are characters that you hate, but the fact that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2369.2s	2369.2	 you hate them and the fact that you despise them draws you in. You're drawn into these characters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2373.6s	2373.6	 I think that the way that they kind of portrayed and the way that the characters were acted by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2379.2s	2379.2	 actors and then the way that they all kind of weave together to tell this extraordinary story,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2384.5s	2384.5	 it was really compelling and it was like just super impressive directing, acting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2390.1s	2390.1	 writing everything. There are a handful of scenes in season one and season two, which I would say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2395.6s	2395.6	 are unbelievably psychologically violent. And there's just no other way to describe like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2406.2s	2406.2	 how they just expo and by the way, they do it with simple shots, very simple dialogue. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2413.7s	2413.7	 almost nonchalant in the way that they present these truth bombs and you have to sit there and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2419.5s	2419.5	 process it and you're just like, Oh my God, it's just, it's wave after wave. It's an incredible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2425.4s	2425.4	 incredibly well-written show. The character development is extraordinary. Amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2430.3s	2430.3	 Production and set design, by the way, also, I mean, when you, when you watch it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2433.9s	2433.9	 don't you want it? You want to go to those locations. Do you guys remember in season one?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2439.4s	2439.4	 Sax will remember this cause Sax watched it. Season one, the family is sitting at the table
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2443.6s	2443.6	 where they're watching the Hawaiian dance and Paula, the guest of the family gets up and leaves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2448.8s	2448.8	 She can't take it anymore. And then the next day they're in a discussion about it. And the father
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2454.7s	2454.7	 says something about, I think, hierarchy or imperialism or something. And it goes around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2459.7s	2459.7	 the table and she just dead pats. She says, well, maybe it's just time for others to eat,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2464.3s	2464.3	 talking about, you know, like fixing these wrongs. And I had to listen to it two or three times. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2470.6s	2470.6	 like, Oh my God, that is, that is a line that just sticks in your brain. There's a few of those in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2475.7s	2475.7	 in that show that I think are excited. And I was saying like they, they, they really draw you in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2480.9s	2480.9	 the set design. The production design is so compelling. You want to be there. You want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2485.8s	2485.8	 be in that experience with those characters. Uh, yeah, you're totally drawn to the pineapple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2492.0s	2492.0	 suite. I mean, and then in this season, that whole hotel, I looked up the hotel, by the way, online,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2496.3s	2496.3	 they hadn't, you know, they're their own set design. People come in and redo the hotel,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2498.9s	2498.9	 but it is an actual hotel. It's a real, they just made it so magical. Yeah. It was such an incredible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2504.0s	2504.0	 Oh, framework. We should make that the host of the all in summit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2512.0s	2512.0	 Sorry. I'm working on my Jennifer Coolidge. Tell your director David Sacks, what you'd like him to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2516.8s	2516.8	 do for you. Yeah. My biggest loser was crypto. And I think there'll be a subsequent domino to fall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2522.8s	2522.8	 which is now that Gary G. Head of the SEC has FTX and the FTT tokens as the grift, he's going to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2531.6s	2531.6	 down the list of other tokens and he is going to start doing more prosecutions of grifts in crypto.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2539.9s	2539.9	 Biggest loser for me. All right. Biggest business surprise. Let's see if we can get Sacks back,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2545.1s	2545.1	 engage in the conversation now that we're not talking about art and life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2549.8s	2549.8	 Sacks last year, your biggest business surprise. Sacks just produced a movie about Dolly. I know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2557.3s	2557.3	 I'm joking with him. He's a true artist and he sold it to Mark Cuban. Congratulations on the sale.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2562.7s	2562.7	 David, I guess me and Cuban are besties now. Fantastic. In 2021, our selections for business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2567.9s	2567.9	 biggest business surprises. I was very surprised by Dows Chamath by Moderna, Sacks by tech moving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2575.8s	2575.8	 to Miami and Friedberg. You were surprised by NFTs. What were we surprised by in 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2581.7s	2581.7	 Friedberg, we'll start with you. Elon Musk's acquisition of Twitter, I think took everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2585.2s	2585.2	 by surprise. It kind of went, I mean, this is such an obvious one, but it went from a whimsical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2590.1s	2590.1	 fantasy and idea to suddenly, you know, cold hearted reality with, you know, a huge kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2596.7s	2596.7	 negotiating saga that took place and court battles and all the drama that ensued. And here's what I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2603.0s	2603.0	 think was most surprising about it. It wasn't just the acquisition and the fact that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2607.3s	2607.3	 acquisition closed, but it was the incredible veracity of the head cutting, cost cutting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2615.5s	2615.5	 the demands that people return to work, return to the office. And then what was most surprising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2619.8s	2619.8	 that followed that is the impact that that seems to have had on the rest of Silicon Valley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2624.7s	2624.7	 where now nearly every VC I speak with, every CEO, every board is looking to Elon's behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2630.7s	2630.7	 for right or for wrong, for, you know, moral or not, and saying that's a model for how you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2636.4s	2636.4	 challenge your team to achieve the impossible in an impossibly difficult environment, which is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2640.8s	2640.8	 we find ourselves in. And so I think it was a series of surprising events. He bought Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2645.3s	2645.3	 he made these incredible changes, and then everyone seems to be looking to that as a model.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2649.6s	2649.6	 And it's really resonated, it's created a rippling effect. I'm not saying it's good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2652.3s	2652.3	 I'm not saying it's bad, I'm not saying it's moral right or wrong. But the whole thing was really an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2656.9s	2656.9	 incredible, surprising, unexpected saga this year. So I give the Elon acquisition of Twitter kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2662.5s	2662.5	 the award. Jamath, do you have a biggest surprise? I would say it's Jerome Powell and the Fed and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2669.4s	2669.4	 their staunch hawkishness on inflation. I think everybody wants all of this to be over. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2677.6s	2677.6	 think we're definitely in the last few innings of it. But I think what was surprising was how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2682.8s	2682.8	 consistent and how hawkish and how bearish Jerome Powell was every chance he got. He didn't capitulate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2692.2s	2692.2	 or waiver from the key message which he was saying from the beginning, which is, we have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2698.5s	2698.5	 tools to fix a broken economy, but we don't have the tools to fix runaway inflation. And so we will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2705.2s	2705.2	 raise rates higher than anyone expects and keep them there longer than anybody wants, because on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2711.5s	2711.5	 the back end of it, we can fix a few broken bones. But if left unchecked, this could really do a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2717.0s	2717.0	 of damage. And I think that that was an enormous surprise that all the political pressure in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2722.5s	2722.5	 world, all of the financial capital markets pressure in the world did nothing to change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2727.0s	2727.0	 his position. Sax, what was your biggest business surprise of 2022? David Sax's biggest surprise?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2733.5s	2733.5	 Well, it was a pretty big surprise that Adobe bought Figma for 20 billion. That price tag in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2738.8s	2738.8	 this environment, pretty big surprise. But I got to say, I think Freeberg nailed it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2743.2s	2743.2	 Got to say that the business saga of the year was Elon buying Twitter first, the liberal media was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2750.1s	2750.1	 up in arms that he might do it. Then they insisted that he must complete the deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2754.9s	2754.9	 In any event, he did ultimately buy the company. Now he's affecting his changes. I agree. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2760.0s	2760.0	 the big business story of this year. Certainly it was a big surprise for me that I got deposition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2764.0s	2764.0	 for six hours. Is it a surprise that you're sitting in Twitter's headquarters today, right now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2768.8s	2768.8	 It is a surprise. But just by the way, the rumors and speculation are getting out of hand. I am not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2773.2s	2773.2	 a candidate for CEO of Twitter. So I want to put the kibosh on that because it's starting to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2778.4s	2778.4	 out of hand. J Cal, the job is yours, my friend. Congratulations. All right. I guess let me know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2783.9s	2783.9	 when I start. You've earned it. You've worked hard. You've demonstrated your confidence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2789.1s	2789.1	 J Cal, the last man standing. Outwit, outlast. Now that Sax has said he is not taking the job,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2795.3s	2795.3	 a bunch of libs have just stopped taking Xanax. The libs biggest fear was Sax was going to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2801.2s	2801.2	 that job. We just canceled a bunch of Xanax prescriptions. Congratulations to the libs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2806.9s	2806.9	 Sax is not going to be your overlord on Twitter. For me, it's obvious the Twitter acquisition is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2812.5s	2812.5	 the biggest surprise by far and away. Freeberg, I couldn't have summarized it better. I will say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2819.2s	2819.2	 in six weeks, what we have seen there is nothing short of extraordinary. Have there been bumps in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2823.1s	2823.1	 the road? Has it been a little chaotic at times perhaps? But the features that are coming fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2831.2s	2831.2	 and furious are going to be the story going forward. You've seen Twitter for business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2836.8s	2836.8	 Sax had his fingerprints, all that you may fingerprints all over that. You may have seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2841.6s	2841.6	 hashtags for stock tickers. I was briefly involved in that. There are going to be so many features
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2847.0s	2847.0	 coming. And this is what Elon's zone of excellence is. Product. He is an engineer. He's a product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2855.2s	2855.2	 genius. The proof is in the pudding, whether it's rocket ships or the cars, we're going to see a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2859.9s	2859.9	 parade of features. I predict in another six to 18 weeks, we will see people talking about all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2866.6s	2866.6	 great features in Twitter, not any of the transitional issues and people will be shocked. My runner up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2873.0s	2873.0	 Meta stock collapsing. That was my runner up for the biggest business shock is that they just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2879.8s	2879.8	 absolutely collapsed. I was just going to add to what you're saying about new features launching.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2884.1s	2884.1	 While we've been sitting here on this pod, I've been checking my Twitter feed. There's a new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2887.8s	2887.8	 feature where there's a view count on all of your tweets and all of everybody else's tweets as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2893.2s	2893.2	 So you can see how many views a tweet is generating. So this tweet that I posted yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2898.6s	2898.6	 has 1.5 million views. It's incredible. So it really shows the incredible reach of Twitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2905.7s	2905.7	 And anybody who's thinking about going to some knockoff like Macedon or something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2909.8s	2909.8	 is going to have to contend with the fact that it doesn't have nearly the distribution. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2915.9s	2915.9	 this really shows the power of Twitter. And then Dave Rubin noticed my, I tweeted this just a second
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2922.8s	2922.8	 ago and Dave Rubin noted that the New York Times doesn't have anywhere near the views for its tweets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2930.1s	2930.1	 because they bought all their followers, which is interesting. I didn't know that, but I just went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2934.4s	2934.4	 over to the New York Times profile and my tweets are routinely getting 10 to 20 times more reach,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2940.1s	2940.1	 more views than theirs. So this is a super interesting indicator of who actually people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2946.7s	2946.7	 are paying attention to on Twitter. It's fascinating. This is fascinating. I'm looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2951.9s	2951.9	 at my own. I just did, how do you give a $30 billion fraud bail referring to SBF?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2957.5s	2957.5	 And that was just less than an hour ago. No, it was 30 minutes, yeah, an hour ago. And I have 50,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2962.0s	2962.0	 views already, which is 10% of my follower count. So this is an extraordinary, you see right next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2967.4s	2967.4	 to likes, retweets, quote tweets, the feature train is coming. And this will change the dialogue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2973.7s	2973.7	 All these haters who are like Twitter is going to go down, who are rooting against Elon. Let me tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2978.5s	2978.5	 you something. If a guy can land two rockets at a time and he can literally restart the electric car
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2984.1s	2984.1	 movement and he becomes the number one car in any category, he releases a car in how on earth would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2990.0s	2990.0	 you bet against him to build software? You have to be idiotic. This is way too much. I mean, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=2996.5s	2996.5	 guys like we should, sorry, keep doing the awards. I get it. I get it. Second ad. Yeah, you're selling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3002.0s	3002.0	 a product for a company that you guys are working at. Like, I mean, come on, I'm not working at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3006.7s	3006.7	 company. Well, you guys are advisors, right? Nick, can you let me show one other feature?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3011.0s	3011.0	 So I think it's cool. Nick, let's go. Yeah, keep going. Let's pull up my profile real quick. Welcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3015.5s	3015.5	 to this week in Twitter. Oh my God. Twitter now has affiliate badges. You can see I've got a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3020.9s	3020.9	 craft ventures badge next to my name. So if you, you should be able to click on it actually to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3027.2s	3027.2	 to the craft ventures profile. Yeah. So you're going to be able to affiliate users with business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3035.8s	3035.8	 accounts and it creates kind of secondary badges after the blue check. I think even the corporate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3041.5s	3041.5	 journalists are going to love this because if you're a New York Times writer, you'll have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3044.6s	3044.6	 little NYT badge next to your name, Wall Street Journal, whatever, you'll have that little badge.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3049.0s	3049.0	 So more and more people are going to get blue checks and then people are going to have secondary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3053.2s	3053.2	 or even tertiary badges that are basically specific to their affiliations. Okay. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3059.2s	3059.2	 let's make sure we get, let's get an all in badge. We are going to have all in badges really soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3064.0s	3064.0	 Awesome. Okay. Let's go for Freeberg. Freeberg's our biggest business surprises and we just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3070.1s	3070.1	 canceled your account Freeberg. You're locked out. We just took away your... No one goes through it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3074.0s	3074.0	 anyway. It's all good. Don't worry about it. Okay. Best science breakthrough. Here's an easy one for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3078.8s	3078.8	 us to do. 2022 biggest science breakthrough. What have you got? Sultan of science. We of course have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3085.7s	3085.7	 to start with you. 22 biggest science breakthrough. Freeberg. Yeah. I'm going to give it obviously to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3090.8s	3090.8	 the demonstration of net energy gain from the national ignition facility in plasma fusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3096.8s	3096.8	 that we talked about last week. I wouldn't call it a breakthrough, by the way. I think we, we,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3101.2s	3101.2	 we used that as a misnomer last week, but I'm still going to put it in this category. It's more of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3105.2s	3105.2	 milestone along a very long path, a very arduous path, a very difficult work that's been taking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3110.8s	3110.8	 decades. So it's a great milestone, but I think what was so important and impactful and powerful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3115.6s	3115.6	 about it is that it's really catalyzed a change, a sea change in the investing in the outlook,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3119.9s	3119.9	 that this is becoming more reality. As I mentioned last week, we've seen an increase of nearly 40%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3125.0s	3125.0	 in the number of fusion startups and the amount of capital that's flowing in is now reaching 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3128.9s	3128.9	 billion a year. So this is becoming, you know, a real investable or an area that's getting real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3133.3s	3133.3	 investment. Some people might not think it's very investable, but that's why I think it's been an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3137.2s	3137.2	 important year for fusion. And I think, you know, it's something I highlighted last year. I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3142.4s	3142.4	 excited about it. And I too picked fusion. Also just point of clarity. Last week, some people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3146.8s	3146.8	 Chamath, before you go to your prediction, were saying, Hey, you're talking your book on solar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3149.8s	3149.8	 when you were in your disagreement with Friedberg. That's obvious. You've been very upfront that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3155.1s	3155.1	 were investing in solar. You placed your bet. Yeah, 100%. Yeah. So just to everybody knows he made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3162.8s	3162.8	 that bet. He's talked about it incessantly. Plus, those idiots that were saying that are stupid. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3168.2s	3168.2	 yes, let me let me further clarify what I said last week and why it's important. If Nick, can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3173.3s	3173.3	 you bring up the capital asset pricing model again? The most important thing for me is to make sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3178.1s	3178.1	 that we don't misallocate human capital into endeavors that I think are best left for research
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3185.9s	3185.9	 institutions funded by the government. And I think when you look at a capital asset pricing model and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3191.0s	3191.0	 try to build one out for fusion, as an example, the expected rate of return that you need to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3198.8s	3198.8	 from this is just astronomically high because of the beta of that investment risk and the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3204.8s	3204.8	 risk premium you have to generate. And so, you know, from my perspective, I think that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3209.7s	3209.7	 are probably four or five labs in the world that are capable of actually getting us to a positive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3215.6s	3215.6	 energy equation. I think Friedberg, I really thank you for actually saying that it wasn't a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3220.0s	3220.0	 breakthrough and more of a milestone. I think the real breakthrough is when we have positive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3224.4s	3224.4	 not just joules, but we actually convert that into electrical energy, right? And we actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3229.2s	3229.2	 talk about power and watts. And I think that most people listening probably don't even understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3233.7s	3233.7	 the difference between joules and watts or don't even care and they want to jump around here or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3237.4s	3237.4	 there. So the point is that there's an enormous path we need to take in physics. And I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3243.3s	3243.3	 best done in governments and I don't want to see a bunch of billions of dollars get wasted to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3249.0s	3249.0	 marginal cost of energy to zero right now. I think there is a point in time where private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3254.4s	3254.4	 startups can take the last 20 or 30 percent. But I think about this like the internet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3259.5s	3259.5	 which is you needed DARPA to build V1 and then it could be handed over to private industry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3265.6s	3265.6	 And I think fusion, when we look back, will look very similar. And all the folks that try to build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3271.5s	3271.5	 versions of the internet that were private, I think found themselves lagging because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3275.7s	3275.7	 there's just a level of investment that's required that's best served in government.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3279.3s	3279.3	 So anyways, let's clarify that for all the folks who got their panties in a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3284.3s	3284.3	 yesterdays. But in any event, my science breakthrough of the year is that there was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3288.0s	3288.0	 a 13-year-old girl, this was because of all of this fusion stuff, actually, we didn't even get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3292.7s	3292.7	 to cover it because it happened in the same week. And I think this is infinitely more impressive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3297.8s	3297.8	 and is an actual breakthrough, which is a 13-year-old girl in the United Kingdom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3303.6s	3303.6	 who had a heretofore uncurable form of leukemia, T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. So typically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3311.7s	3311.7	 you start in chemotherapy. If chemotherapy doesn't work, you move to bone marrow transplants.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3317.9s	3317.9	 And it was uncurable. And a lab in the UK, basically using CRISPR, edited these transplant T-cells to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3328.4s	3328.4	 go in and wipe out her cancer. And now her cancer is literally undetectable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3335.5s	3335.5	 Now, if you bring up that capital asset pricing model again, Nick, what I'll tell you is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3339.9s	3339.9	 the rate of return on a human life, in my opinion, is infinite. And so here is an unbelievable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3347.3s	3347.3	 breakthrough that got very little attention because everybody was wrapped around the axle of fusion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3352.4s	3352.4	 It happened in the same week. So maybe it's understandable. I didn't understand it. But I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3356.8s	3356.8	 think this is the single most important thing that happened in science, not just this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3361.2s	3361.2	 but frankly, in the last decade, because if you can actually now do base editing and eradicate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3368.2s	3368.2	 at least in this case, a blood-based cancer, and eventually we'll be able to bring that and use that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3374.4s	3374.4	 towards solid-state tumor cancers, it's a huge breakthrough in just human longevity and human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3382.1s	3382.1	 quality of life. And that happened just a few weeks ago. Okay. And of course, for David Sacks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3388.8s	3388.8	 his biggest science breakthrough is I don't care. So moving on. Sacks, go ahead, tell us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3395.4s	3395.4	 Yeah, no, this category reminds me of, remember when Biden had that moment where he's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3400.5s	3400.5	 America can be defined in a single word. And then he's like, that's kind of how I feel about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3406.0s	3406.0	 category. America is a nation that can be defined in a single word. I was gonna put him in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3414.0s	3414.0	 excuse me. Amazing how you figured out a way to be derogatory about Biden in the science section.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3420.1s	3420.1	 A new low even for you, Sacks. Oh, that's a good one, Sacks. I like it. All right. Biggest flash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3425.9s	3425.9	 in the pan. 2021, this is what we said, we're the biggest flash in the pan. I said the woke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3433.0s	3433.0	 socialist leadership of cities, i.e. Chesa Boudin. Freiburg said the constitution down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3439.6s	3439.6	 Sacks said the word transitory, very well played. And Tramont said the metaverse also very well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3444.6s	3444.6	 played. Everybody nailed that. Yes. Very good. Everybody get your flowers. Enjoy. All of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3451.4s	3451.4	 seem like pretty good selections. But this year is what everybody wants to hear about. Freiburg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3457.3s	3457.3	 tell us now, who is your 2022 biggest flash in the pan? The undisputable,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3463.6s	3463.6	 biggest flash in the pan of 2022 was the All In Summit. Oh, wow. That hurts. It went,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3472.2s	3472.2	 that will always be a strong and significant memory. It was such a hot thing for a minute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3477.5s	3477.5	 and then it died. So to the All In Summit, I used my glass, I pour one out. I toast to you, to Miami,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3486.8s	3486.8	 and unless David Sacks carries it from here, it was a flash in the pan. It was a flash in the pan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3492.2s	3492.2	 Sacks, who's your flash? Which Democrat is the flash in the pan for you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3496.3s	3496.3	 This is where I had Liz Truss. As you guys mentioned, she only survived 44 days as PM.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3502.4s	3502.4	 I mean, that's only for Scaramoochies. She was basically fired by the bond markets after she
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3511.6s	3511.6	 combined a Thatcher-esque tax cut with massive energy subsidies to counter the price spikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3518.0s	3518.0	 caused by the war in Ukraine that she was finacly committed to. This was deemed untenable by the UK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3522.9s	3522.9	 central bank. It crashed the pound. And I think there is a serious point here, which is that as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3528.1s	3528.1	 much as Thatcher and Reagan were the two towering heroic figures of the 1980s, I think zombie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3534.2s	3534.2	 Thatcherism is not going to be electorally viable in the UK, just like zombie Reaganism is not going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3540.5s	3540.5	 to be viable in the United States. I think that the conservative movement has to stop living in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3544.6s	3544.6	 the past. We have to develop fresh ideas to meet the economic and foreign policy challenges of today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3551.5s	3551.5	 Chamath, do you have a flash in the pan?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3553.4s	3553.4	 I actually think fusion literally was a flash in the pan. It lasted 10 to the negative 10 seconds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3561.7s	3561.7	 Less of a flash you can't have without being a flash in the pan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3564.6s	3564.6	 Ah, they haven't. Hey, Sacks, I see somebody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3566.5s	3566.5	 Oh, hey guys, look who's here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3567.9s	3567.9	 Oh, look who it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3568.9s	3568.9	 Oh, is it the proprietor?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3572.0s	3572.0	 The proprietor, the owner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3573.5s	3573.5	 Twitter customer support at your service.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3577.6s	3577.6	 Sacks, you spent the last 15 minutes selling your new features on the podcast. Pretty exciting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3582.7s	3582.7	 Well, the views are incredible. And I saw Dave Rubin already made an observation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3590.0s	3590.0	 that if you look at New York Times, their views are maybe one tenth like my views,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3595.6s	3595.6	 as a lone tweeter. And he said that their followers are inflated by just basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3599.8s	3599.8	 buying a bunch of follower accounts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3601.2s	3601.2	 Yeah, the views thing is huge. That's why I pushed the views, which is actually a lot harder feature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3606.8s	3606.8	 to implement than you'd think because the sheer number of transactions per second,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3614.0s	3614.0	 I think it sort of requires system-wide on the order of three million transactions a second
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3620.7s	3620.7	 to actually calculate the view, to calculate and display the view count
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3624.8s	3624.8	 FYI for Twitter, Twitter global. So it's like three million per second. It's a lot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3630.7s	3630.7	 For those of you listening, Elon Musk has had joined the pod. Elon, how's the first six weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3636.6s	3636.6	 been, generally speaking, of owning Twitter?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3638.5s	3638.5	 Well, it's been quite a roller coaster, which obviously you've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3642.9s	3642.9	 witnessed and been on the roller coaster as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3645.5s	3645.5	 Yes, the dramamine, I've taken the dramamine. It's quite up and down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3648.8s	3648.8	 I mean, it's exciting, but I think it sort of has its highs and lows, to say the least.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3656.8s	3656.8	 But overall, it seems to be going in a good direction. And we've got the expenses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3663.3s	3663.3	 reasonably under control. So the company's not like in the fast lane of bankruptcy anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3669.4s	3669.4	 And we're releasing features faster than Twitter's history at the same time as having contained the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3676.4s	3676.4	 costs and reduced the cost structure by a factor of three, maybe four.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3683.6s	3683.6	 So the verified is obviously, that's huge. It's a revenue stream as well as a means of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3695.3s	3695.3	 identifying, of knowing that it's a real person and not a barter or trial situation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3700.8s	3700.8	 The having the affiliation, organizational affiliation, which I suspect you talked about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3707.6s	3707.6	 that was an idea of David's that was great to have organizational affiliation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3714.6s	3714.6	 So you can know that somebody is an actual professor at Stanford or that this particular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3720.8s	3720.8	 handle is actually Disney, not someone simply putting, I work at Disney in their bio.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3726.3s	3726.3	 So I think that's going to be really helpful. Just really just having detailed and nuanced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3736.0s	3736.0	 verification. So of all the various things that you say you are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3739.8s	3739.8	 are these things validated by other people and organizations?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3743.1s	3743.1	 Can you tell us how you do product iteration, Elon? Because one of the things that I think some people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3748.5s	3748.5	 got jolted by over the last couple of weeks is like a bunch of things got taken away or changed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3753.5s	3753.5	 or rules changed or policies changed and there was very quick action. And then people had all this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3758.6s	3758.6	 negative feedback about the quick action without communication. But your extraordinary talent is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3763.9s	3763.9	 to iterate product to success. Can you just maybe share with people how you do product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3768.8s	3768.8	 iteration in this context to help them understand how some of these decisions get made and why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3774.8s	3774.8	 moving quickly is so important and just how you're doing this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3778.8s	3778.8	 I'm a big believer in like you want to look at the net output. So it's sort of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3786.0s	3786.0	 what's the batting average? If it's like baseball,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3792.0s	3792.0	 the point is not that you hit the ball, but it's like, well, how many home runs you get?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3800.2s	3800.2	 Your slugging percentage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3801.4s	3801.4	 Yeah, slugging percentage. Yeah. It's like you're going to swing for the fences. You're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3805.4s	3805.4	 strike out a bit more, but we're going to swing for the fences here at Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3809.2s	3809.2	 and we're going to do it quickly. And I think generally like my error rate and sort of being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3817.3s	3817.3	 the chief twit will be less over time. But in the beginning we'll make obviously sort of a lot more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3826.2s	3826.2	 mistakes because I'm new to the, I'm like, hey, I just got here, man. So, I mean, if you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3836.0s	3836.0	 like the actual amount of improvement that's happened at Twitter in terms of like having costs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3842.9s	3842.9	 that are not insane and getting an actually shipping product that on balance is good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3848.4s	3848.4	 I think that's great. I think we're actually executing well and getting things done. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3856.7s	3856.7	 we'll have fewer gaps in the future. How did you get to your intuition on what the efficient
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3863.2s	3863.2	 frontier of employees needed to be to make the product better? Well, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3874.0s	3874.0	 Well, I observed part of this where you basically asked the question, who here is critical and who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3880.8s	3880.8	 here is exceptional? Yes. I mean, so, I mean, really the, what the criteria is trying to apply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3889.9s	3889.9	 and obviously you're not going to be perfect if you're moving fast and there's a lot of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3896.6s	3896.6	 you know, people you're talking about here is that anyone who is exceptional at what they do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3900.6s	3900.6	 where the role is critical, they have a positive effect on others and they are trusted, meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3906.4s	3906.4	 they put the company's interests before their own, should stay. Pretty straightforward. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3912.0s	3912.0	 And also, it's up for working, you know, working hard. Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3919.2s	3919.2	 that would not, that was not Twitter's prior culture. Yeah. Were you surprised that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3926.3s	3926.3	 intersection of that circle and the people that left was basically 25%? Were you surprised it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3932.7s	3932.7	 that deep or did you think your intuition was like, it's probably somewhere in here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3936.8s	3936.8	 Well, I think you could just stand back and say, without knowing how many employees Twitter has at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3942.4s	3942.4	 all and say, how many people are really needed to run Twitter? Like they say, you don't know what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3950.4s	3950.4	 the employee head count number is at all. How many people are needed to keep the site operational?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3955.6s	3955.6	 Like, let's say excluding product evolution, you basically have to keep the servers going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3963.9s	3963.9	 and you have to have customer sort of a support function to take down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3970.3s	3970.3	 material that is in violation of the law. How many people, what's the minimum number of people?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3978.4s	3978.4	 That's in the hundreds probably. It's not, exactly. It's not like a giant number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3983.6s	3983.6	 Twitter still has like 2000 people, right? Yeah, we still have 2000 people. It's not nothing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3987.7s	3987.7	 And actually, there's actually on the order of like almost 5,000 contractors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=3996.4s	3996.4	 Still? Yeah, almost all of the, what's called trust and safety work, which is like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4002.8s	4002.8	 the support functions for the site are done by contractors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4007.2s	4007.2	 You're doing a lot more to take down hate speech than the company previously was doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4011.2s	4011.2	 Yeah, absolutely. Like hate speech impressions are down by a third and will get even lower.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4017.8s	4017.8	 Maybe you could speak a little bit to what we discovered, I think in those early weeks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4021.8s	4021.8	 which was the incentive. The incentive previously was to create as many accounts as possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4029.1s	4029.1	 And there were a lot of quick fixes to lowering all these, you know, what people might call bot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4034.4s	4034.4	 accounts. In some cases, it was people opening many millions of accounts. But we discovered this very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4039.9s	4039.9	 early. How easy was it for you with the tech team to maybe lower the bot count and all the fake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4045.9s	4045.9	 accounts? Maybe you could speak a little bit to that because people have seemed to think that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4049.6s	4049.6	 gosh, it's a really hard thing to get rid of bots. And it turns out it isn't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4053.3s	4053.3	 We still have a fair number of bots in the system. But I think the incentive structure,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4061.4s	4061.4	 the way Twitter was set up previously was this relentless focus on what they called MDAL,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4065.3s	4065.3	 which is Monetizable Daily Active Users. Although I would say the monetizable part is dubious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4073.5s	4073.5	 But at least things that appeared to be monetized or could be passed off as monetizable daily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4078.3s	4078.3	 active users. So this, I created an incentive to turn a blind eye to fake accounts. So if the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4086.3s	4086.3	 incentive structure is like, you know, maximize the appearance of monetizable daily active users,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4093.8s	4093.8	 you're just, it's a strong incentive to pretend that a bot is real. And that's what happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4100.8s	4100.8	 So we're taking a lot of steps to reduce the bots and trolls situation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4110.8s	4110.8	 So many. And I think you're saying that in the usage. It's not relatively rare to have your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4121.3s	4121.3	 applies filled with crypto scams. I'm not seeing any anymore. Freeber, you had a question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4126.7s	4126.7	 Yeah. I mean, just on your earlier question, you know, Elon, when you first started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4131.1s	4131.1	 making changes at Twitter, after you bought the business, a lot of people kind of took notice at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4136.8s	4136.8	 how extraordinarily swift and significant those changes were. And there's a lot of technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4143.4s	4143.4	 companies that have CEOs and investors and boards. And we all talk to a lot of them. And they're all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4149.5s	4149.5	 now having a conversation like, look at what Elon did at Twitter. How can we do something as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4154.8s	4154.8	 aggressive, as swift, as deep? Do you think much about kind of the model you're playing for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4161.8s	4161.8	 other businesses and other business leaders, particularly in Silicon Valley and how you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4165.8s	4165.8	 operating Twitter? Do you ever kind of talk about that? Because I know you mostly talk about your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4169.6s	4169.6	 business and you talk about the businesses you're running, but you're having a big influence, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4173.9s	4173.9	 in how other people kind of act and behave that are other business leaders and run other technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4178.2s	4178.2	 companies. I mean, to be frank, I'm not really, you know, I'm thinking about that much because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4183.6s	4183.6	 I'm just thinking about like, how do we, I just, you know, just get Twitter to be in a financially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4192.0s	4192.0	 healthy place and fix the engine of engineering so we can have a rapid evolution of new products.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4202.8s	4202.8	 And, you know, I mean, I guess I'm in sort of, in some ways, an unfortunate position where I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4207.7s	4207.7	 don't have to answer, it's not public and we don't have a board really. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4216.0s	4216.0	 I mean, so I can just go, you know, and I can take actions that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4224.4s	4224.4	 drastic. And obviously, if I make a bunch of mistakes, then Twitter won't succeed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4233.3s	4233.3	 and that'll be pretty embarrassing and sad. But as long as, like I said, as long as the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4240.0s	4240.0	 batting average is good, that the wins, you know, significantly outweigh the mistakes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4250.4s	4250.4	 then, you know, it'll be a great future. And I think I'm very optimistic about where things are headed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4255.7s	4255.7	 I think a lot of people want to talk about or understand, Elon, your position on freedom of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4261.3s	4261.3	 speech and your principles. I'm curious, you've been pretty upfront about it. How do you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4266.2s	4266.2	 about it post acquisition? You know, what speech should be allowed on the platform? Kanye came back,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4271.9s	4271.9	 he just went insane. His account got revoked. What have you learned, I guess, now that you own it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4277.0s	4277.0	 Because you must be getting a lot of inbound from people asking you, hey, how are decisions going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4281.8s	4281.8	 be made, etc. You've been clear transparency is super important in this. But what are your thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4286.8s	4286.8	 on free speech and speech on a platform like this? Well, I mean, the general principle, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4291.6s	4291.6	 is that we should hear close to the law in any given country. So the law is very quite a lot by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4296.5s	4296.5	 country. And so I think we should be doing free speech that's close to the law. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4309.7s	4309.7	 that's the general principle. I think there are other things where it's like, okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4317.1s	4317.1	 like, for example, like if you're an advertiser, you don't want to necessarily you don't you don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4323.6s	4323.6	 want your ad, like, let's say it's a family movie, next to some, you know, NSFW content, even if that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4333.5s	4333.5	 content is text, you know, it's like, they'll be like, that's probably that's we don't, you know, so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4343.0s	4343.0	 that's, that's, you know, part of what you know, like, so there's, there's more of an allowance for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4350.1s	4350.1	 what you might call hate speech on the system, but it's just it's not going to be promoted. It's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4354.9s	4354.9	 like we're not going to be recommending hate speech. It's just at risk of stating the obvious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4363.3s	4363.3	 And we're not going to monetize hate speech. So or negative speech, like that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4368.8s	4368.8	 nor would advertisers want us to, you know, any any, I think it's going to be a rare product that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4373.2s	4373.2	 wants to be next to seriously negative stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4376.2s	4376.2	 I was gonna say you referred to it as, hey, freedom of speech, but not reach, because this is a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4380.1s	4380.1	 nuanced discussion, like, should this stuff be able to hit the trends, you know, and that kind of stuff?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4385.0s	4385.0	 Like, it's only possible some things that will be regarded as hate speech will hit will hit will hit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4389.2s	4389.2	 trends. But I think it's gonna be relatively unusual, especially as we, you know, we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4394.8s	4394.8	 to be doing a better job of controlling the bots and troll situation. And, and I do want to emphasize,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4401.6s	4401.6	 like, there's a difference between bots and trolls, like bots, like fully automated accounts, but like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4405.0s	4405.0	 a troll form would be where you've got like, you know, 100 people in a warehouse somewhere, each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4409.5s	4409.5	 with 100 phones. And so they're actually humans, and they're going to pass a capture test or, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4414.0s	4414.0	 know, and they can, you know, reply, reply in there, because they're actually humans, but it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4419.0s	4419.0	 actually 10,000 bots and trolls. And so, you know, I think that's a really good thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4424.3s	4424.3	 And there are like 10,000 accounts that are just there, they're obviously not operating as real people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4435.1s	4435.1	 So that's, you know, stuff like that can cause things to trend negatively. That's why I'm like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4440.6s	4440.6	 a big proponent of having just a low cost verification capability. And yeah, so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4450.7s	4450.7	 like, this is definitely a work in progress. So there's, like I said, there's going to be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4456.2s	4456.2	 and I did like one of the first things I said, after the acquisition closed was like, we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4461.2s	4461.2	 to make a bunch of mistakes, but then we'll try to recover from them quickly. And that's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4466.7s	4466.7	 that's what we've done. And I think we've generally succeeded in recovering from them quickly. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4475.5s	4475.5	 it's been going pretty well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4476.7s	4476.7	 It's been going pretty well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4477.9s	4477.9	 Was the Paul Graham and journalists suspensions mistakes? Have you talked about this publicly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4482.8s	4482.8	 about how that all kind of got resolved at the end?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4485.3s	4485.3	 Yeah, I mean, the Paul Graham suspension was definitely a mistake and actually called Paul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4488.9s	4488.9	 Graham to apologize personally for that one. Yeah. So, you know, on the journalist front,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4495.7s	4495.7	 the, I think the journalist suspensions were not a mistake in that for some reason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4503.6s	4503.6	 a bunch of journalists thought they were better than regular, than everyone else. And that if they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4511.3s	4511.3	 engage in doxxing and, and, you know, other and break the rules in various ways that, that they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4517.1s	4517.1	 not subject to suspension, even though your average, your average citizen is, and I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4521.9s	4521.9	 that's just messed up. The same rules should apply to people who call themselves journalists as to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4528.2s	4528.2	 you know, anyone else on the system. They shouldn't be sort of above the rules.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4533.8s	4533.8	 For some reason, they thought they should be. That's, that's, that doesn't make sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4538.2s	4538.2	 I don't think that's right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4539.2s	4539.2	 Yeah. And the rules being transparent and upfront, I think that's what everybody's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4543.7s	4543.7	 looking forward to, maybe some just complete clarity and transparency. And you've said from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4548.2s	4548.2	 the beginning, when somebody gets suspended or the shadow banning of this sort of with tips into this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4553.8s	4553.8	 really weird stuff that we discovered during, or you discovered where the journalists discovered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4558.1s	4558.1	 during the Twitter files, it's, it's kind of a bummer that people are being sanctioned or shadow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4563.3s	4563.3	 banned and they don't know it. If we're going to have a system, the rules should be clear to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4567.7s	4567.7	 everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4568.3s	4568.3	 Yeah, absolutely. So the, something I've committed to, and we'll, we'll, we'll, I think probably be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4574.4s	4574.4	 able to roll that out in January. Just by the way, there is like a bit of a, you know, we are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4579.6s	4579.6	 not going to be rolling out a ton of new features over Christmas and New Year's and stuff. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4586.0s	4586.0	 there's like a, you know, the next sort of feature set will probably roll out mid to late January.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4595.2s	4595.2	 And hopefully in that we'll, we can include information about why an account is suspended
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4601.6s	4601.6	 or has what is called within Twitter, visibility filtering.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4610.5s	4610.5	 AKA shadow banning. So, and some of these things like, are like this, there's a lot of things that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4620.4s	4620.4	 just happen accidentally where there's, you know, the rules in the system that are meant to detect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4627.4s	4627.4	 whether someone's a sort of bot or troll or like brigading where they're like, you know, and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4634.6s	4634.6	 an account is sort of innocently caught up in that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4639.8s	4639.8	 So like there were some accounts just suspended yesterday because,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4648.2s	4648.2	 temporarily suspended, like they got like 12 hour suspensions because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4652.8s	4652.8	 someone in customers, someone in trust and safety thought that they had posted a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4661.4s	4661.4	 nude photo of Hunter Biden or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4664.8s	4664.8	 But they hadn't, they hadn't actually done that. I don't know, it was just basically a mistake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4669.1s	4669.1	 There were some accounts that would go to 12 hour suspension yesterday for an error.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4675.6s	4675.6	 And then they weren't sure why it happened. It was just essentially a mistake in the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4681.1s	4681.1	 with Twitter customer support that was corrected.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4683.1s	4683.1	 Elon, let me ask you just a slightly broader question. One of the things we just talked about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4688.0s	4688.0	 was the regime change that's happening in the world. And I think that's a very important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4694.5s	4694.5	 change that's happened where, you know, we all have to act differently now that the risk free rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4699.6s	4699.6	 is probably going to get to 5%. And I'm just curious across all your businesses, so Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4705.2s	4705.2	 yes, but really more importantly, Tesla, SpaceX, are there decisions that you will make differently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4711.0s	4711.0	 or not at all, or will make that you wouldn't have made otherwise in this new regime?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4716.3s	4716.3	 And how often do you think about that kind of stuff?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4718.3s	4718.3	 Well, I think it's more like, like, it does seem like we're headed into a recession here in 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4728.0s	4728.0	 The magnitude of that recession is debatable, but I think it's at least a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4732.6s	4732.6	 light moderate recession. Potentially, it's on the order of 2009. So that's, so I think it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4740.7s	4740.7	 it's, it's wise to kind of like, prepare for the worst, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4746.6s	4746.6	 Don't get too adventurous, like, like, watch out for margin debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4751.4s	4751.4	 Like, I would really advise people to not have margin debt in a volatile stock market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4758.9s	4758.9	 And, you know, from a cash standpoint, keep, keep powder dry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4766.9s	4766.9	 You can get some pretty extreme things happening in a down market. Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4772.5s	4772.5	 like, Brad Johnson, who was a CFO, who is a CFO, CFO of SpaceX was at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4780.2s	4780.2	 Broadcom in 2000. And he said that, and that's a good company making good products.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4787.1s	4787.1	 And he said the, the from peak to trough, I think in less than 12 months, Broadcom went down 97%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4795.3s	4795.3	 So like, even if you had a small margin loan there, you got, you got crushed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4799.0s	4799.0	 And subsequently recovered. And I think, you know, to much higher levels, but,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4804.3s	4804.3	 you know, if there's like mass panic in the stock market, then you've got to really be careful about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4809.6s	4809.6	 margin debt. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4814.8s	4814.8	 but I mean, this is just as we know, this, the economy is cyclic. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4822.1s	4822.1	 you know, you, and it's somewhat overdue for a recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4825.2s	4825.2	 And my best guess is that, you know, we have sort of stormy times for a year to a year and a half.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4832.4s	4832.4	 And then things start to dawn breaks roughly in Q2 24. If I were to get, that's like my best guess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4845.5s	4845.5	 Recessions don't like, like booms don't last forever, forever, but neither do recessions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4849.5s	4849.5	 And it's a 14 year bull.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4851.1s	4851.1	 That may actually bounce out the last time it was what four or five quarters. So it's not easy. Hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4859.0s	4859.0	 the Twitter files, how much longer are these going to go on? It seems like every week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4865.1s	4865.1	 another drop. And these are pretty controversial. How much longer are the Twitter files going to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4871.8s	4871.8	 on? It seems like it's going to go on for a while. And then the Twitter files are going to go on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4877.5s	4877.5	 How much longer are the Twitter files going to go on in your mind? Yeah. And maybe why is this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4883.7s	4883.7	 important to you to make sure that people understand the stuff? Yeah. I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4887.2s	4887.2	 important to like, you know, if we're going to be trusted in the future to kind of clear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4892.1s	4892.1	 the decks for stuff that's happened in the past. So I mean, to be totally frank,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4900.7s	4900.7	 almost every conspiracy theory that people had about Twitter turned out to be true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4904.3s	4904.3	 So is there a conspiracy theory about Twitter that didn't turn out to be true?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4913.3s	4913.3	 So far, they've all turned out to be true. And if not, more true than people thought.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4918.6s	4918.6	 Is there a part of the files that really shocked you more than the rest of them? Like of the things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4922.4s	4922.4	 that have been disclosed? Of all of these things, is there something that really sticks out with you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4926.4s	4926.4	 as like, holy shit, I had no idea this was happening? Or is the whole thing just a big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4931.8s	4931.8	 dumpster fire? They were just looking at one huge thing. You know, like PsyOps versus the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4938.8s	4938.8	 Hunter Biden thing versus the- Yeah. The number of FBI people involved, that was pretty shocking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4944.4s	4944.4	 FBI stuff is pretty intense. Yeah. The FBI PsyOps stuff to me was probably the one that was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4948.9s	4948.9	 most insidious. Like the rest of it, I could think of like, you know, a bunch of overzealous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4953.6s	4953.6	 libs got used. Yeah. Got it. You know what I mean? Sure, sure. But to have like a secure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4959.2s	4959.2	 skiff that essentially sends things that, you know, government agents want the populace to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4964.5s	4964.5	 basically think, it seems like kind of like a really bad dystopian novel. And then it turns out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4970.4s	4970.4	 it existed. And then also the thing is, it couldn't have just existed at Twitter. So what are we going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4977.0s	4977.0	 to do about all the other places where this shit's happening? YouTube, Facebook, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4980.4s	4980.4	 Yeah. That's why it did- Exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4981.7s	4981.7	 None of it seemed that surprising to me. I mean, I don't know, maybe I just believed all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4985.3s	4985.3	 conspiracy theories, but I've also been inside some of these companies and seen how they operate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4990.0s	4990.0	 So honestly, none of it was a surprise to me. Was it a big shock to you, Elon?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4994.3s	4994.3	 Wait, wait, wait. Freeberg, I think you can claim that you weren't surprised that these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=4999.8s	4999.8	 were shadow banning, although they denied it. But did you really suspect that the FBI was playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5005.4s	5005.4	 a role in flagging content for these companies to take down? Like that blew me away.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5011.6s	5011.6	 Content that's got nothing to do with like terrorism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5014.0s	5014.0	 Yeah, they're not investigating crimes. There's no crime.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5017.2s	5017.2	 Yeah. They literally flagged satire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5022.9s	5022.9	 Maybe they didn't get the joke. I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5026.5s	5026.5	 They don't seem to be a humor driven group, but they don't seem to have the best senses of humor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5031.4s	5031.4	 But aren't they supposed to get warrants? Isn't that how it's supposed to work in a democracy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5036.5s	5036.5	 They want information. They're asking favors of their friends.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5039.3s	5039.3	 Yeah, they're all friends.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5040.0s	5040.0	 That's the thing that's troubling to me. Put yourself on either side of the extremes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5043.3s	5043.3	 Hey, we have Michael Schellenberger here who broke the FBI story in the Twitter files. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5048.4s	5048.4	 let's look into him and to see. Because I think maybe the audience isn't caught up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5053.2s	5053.2	 on like what was discovered. So you want to follow Elon Musk. That doesn't seem fair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5059.0s	5059.0	 Hey guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5060.1s	5060.1	 Hey, Michael.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5060.6s	5060.6	 I'm going to head back to work. So, all right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5062.6s	5062.6	 All right. See you later, everyone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5064.4s	5064.4	 Thank you. See you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5066.8s	5066.8	 Hey, guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5067.9s	5067.9	 Oh, hey, Michael. How are you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5069.2s	5069.2	 I'm good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5070.2s	5070.2	 Just a quick question for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5071.4s	5071.4	 Michael, first of all, who makes that sweater?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5075.2s	5075.2	 I'll send you mine, man. Do you want it or are you making fun of it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5078.0s	5078.0	 No, I'm asking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5078.8s	5078.8	 No, he's about to make fun of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5080.0s	5080.0	 You're the master of sweaters. High praise from you, brother. High praise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5082.0s	5082.0	 I'm asking. I'm asking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5084.0s	5084.0	 Just briefly, Michael. Isn't the FBI supposed to get warrants to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5089.0s	5089.0	 take actions with folks? And then I guess, is that at the crux of this? Are they doing this at other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5093.2s	5093.2	 companies, you think? Are they just like embedded in YouTube? Should we expect they're embedded at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5097.2s	5097.2	 Metta and that they don't get warrants and they're kind of tipping the scales? And is that a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5102.0s	5102.0	 thing for society or a bad thing for society? It's a bit of a basic question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5104.9s	5104.9	 Yeah. Well, I think there's a couple. There's multiple issues relating to FBI that I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5109.6s	5109.6	 have to be unpacked a bit. But the first one is that, yeah, FBI was constantly pushing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5114.8s	5114.8	 the boundaries of what is legally and ethically acceptable in terms of requesting information.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5120.7s	5120.7	 Now, I think what you saw over the last three weeks was a shift in, I think, our own understanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5127.3s	5127.3	 that we did see more pushback from Twitter executives against FBI and some alarm bells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5132.4s	5132.4	 being rung in terms of the requests that were being made from the intelligence community.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5137.2s	5137.2	 But these guys were really persistent. They kept asking for more. They kept getting more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5141.3s	5141.3	 and more cooperation. It's very troubling. It does look like Congress is going to look into this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5146.3s	5146.3	 The two heads of the committees that are tasked with this have said that they're going to look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5150.7s	5150.7	 into it next year. I think the other thing that we saw that I think is more troubling was this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5156.0s	5156.0	 persistent effort to basically communicate to Twitter executives, but also to news media,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5163.2s	5163.2	 national security correspondents, that there was this heavy foreign infiltration going on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5168.5s	5168.5	 this Russian disinformation. And it appeared to me, looking at all the evidence both that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5173.6s	5173.6	 saw from within Twitter and from outside of it, that this was a pretty organized effort to convince
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5179.6s	5179.6	 key executives at Twitter and Facebook, but also these key reporters, that they should expect a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5186.2s	5186.2	 hack and leak operation sometime right before the elections having to do with Hunter Biden.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5192.4s	5192.4	 I find that very suspicious. Can I make an observation? I think that maybe what we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5198.0s	5198.0	 finding out is that the mainstream media tried to go back to its 1980 Cold War playbook and turn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5206.0s	5206.0	 Russia into a boogeyman. But as we're seeing in the Ukraine War, they're not nearly the formidable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5212.0s	5212.0	 foe that we thought they were. And so it could probably be the case that in 2016, they were as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5218.0s	5218.0	 inept technically as they are militarily right now. And so we may have just built up this monster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5225.2s	5225.2	 that is kind of more like a much smaller thing to be worried about. And we all ran with it because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5233.0s	5233.0	 we had no evidence. But the Ukraine-Russia war is evidence that this highly sophisticated war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5238.1s	5238.1	 machine and propaganda machine is not that good at their job. Right. Yeah. I mean, I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5245.6s	5245.6	 there's a lot of interest that were being served by hyping the so-called Russian misinformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5250.8s	5250.8	 threat. I mean, one of them was just to simply explain away the Trump phenomenon as a consequence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5256.4s	5256.4	 of foreign interference. Certainly the people that ran Hillary Clinton's campaign had an interest in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5260.8s	5260.8	 doing that. But then you saw it become a sort of way, I think, to condition people for the release
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5267.8s	5267.8	 of the Biden laptop. And again, I can't prove that. But it is striking that the Yol Roth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5276.6s	5276.6	 this Maine's Twitter executive, who I think was the object of this misinformation campaign,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5282.0s	5282.0	 testified under oath that he was being bombarded with these messages all throughout 2020 that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5286.8s	5286.8	 should expect some sort of a hack and leak operation. So when the New York Post finally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5291.3s	5291.3	 did report on that computer in 2014, it was briefly censored by Twitter. But I think more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5297.9s	5297.9	 importantly, it was discredited in the minds of many voters, including myself. I really didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5303.6s	5303.6	 think that that laptop was what they said it was. And it turned out that it was. So I do think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5309.6s	5309.6	 there's a real troubling pattern of behavior by both the FBI agents, but also by the former FBI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5316.1s	5316.1	 executives, including the deputy chief of staff and the chief counsel from FBI that were at Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5320.8s	5320.8	 as executives at the time. And in fairness, Michael, this has been brought up many times.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5326.7s	5326.7	 But I just would like your take on it, because you're a lifelong Democrat, correct? Until last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5330.5s	5330.5	 year. Great. So, you know, just lest anybody think that you are like some MAGA supporter here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5336.2s	5336.2	 Just look at my sweater. This was all in the backdrop of Trump asking for the Russians,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5342.1s	5342.1	 you know, during that debate to hack Hillary, for him interfering with Zelensky and trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5346.7s	5346.7	 get him to give dirt on Biden. And the fact that Hunter Biden was obviously dirty. So to expect a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5352.8s	5352.8	 hack, there was massive precedent for it. So that set the stage for this, correct?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5359.3s	5359.3	 For sure. And there is definitely that going on. And maybe that's all there was to it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5365.9s	5365.9	 It is just striking, of course, because I didn't even mention in my this is by the way, this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5370.3s	5370.3	 Twitter thread, part seven that I did on this issue. I didn't even get into the fact that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5375.4s	5375.4	 you know, within a few days, the many of former senior heads of intelligence organizations and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5381.3s	5381.3	 others came out and said that it was the result of a Russian disinformation campaign. So yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5386.9s	5386.9	 sure. I mean, I guess we could find some other explanation for it, whether it was innocent or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5393.1s	5393.1	 coordinated. But it is striking. Also, I think the other thing that we found was the contrast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5399.2s	5399.2	 between the threat inflation and what Twitter was finding themselves. I mean, there was, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5404.8s	5404.8	 you'll repeatedly you'll Roth would respond to FBI that, yeah, we looked into these accounts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5410.4s	5410.4	 that you mentioned, and they were all very low follower accounts with very little activity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5415.0s	5415.0	 So they just weren't finding very much foreign influence on the Twitter platform. And so I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5421.2s	5421.2	 think it was grossly inflated either for kind of good reasons or bad reasons. I would say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5428.4s	5428.4	 Yeah. Yeah. And it's there's no perfect way to police this stuff, obviously. And okay, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5434.3s	5434.3	 listen, we appreciate your reporting. Thanks for doing it. And if you haven't read Michael's book,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5440.9s	5440.9	 San Francisco, you did some great reporting there as well. And continued success in your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5447.8s	5447.8	 investigative journalism career. Thank you, Michael. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5451.9s	5451.9	 All right. Sorry. Oh, lost him. All right. Well, what do you want to ask? He's still here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5457.3s	5457.3	 Oh, hey, you did an interview on that. I think I saw it on YouTube or something where you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5462.8s	5462.8	 interviewed someone who was homeless in San Francisco, and they were addicted to drugs. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5466.8s	5466.8	 they kind of said some narrative about how they were in this condition because San Francisco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5472.3s	5472.3	 basically pays them to be homeless and pays them to do drugs on the street. Did that ever get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5476.8s	5476.8	 published? And did that come out? Because it was such a compelling couple of minutes that you got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5480.4s	5480.4	 on tape there. It really, for me, sent home a message of how far kind of progressive policies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5488.5s	5488.5	 can take a society. And it's such a beacon for where things might go as other people start to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5493.2s	5493.2	 think about adopting similar policies around the world, which is why I thought it was such
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5497.2s	5497.2	 important reporting. Whatever happened with that and where can folks see that? Because it was such
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5501.2s	5501.2	 a moving interview for me. Yeah. If you just Google Michael Schellenberger, YouTube homeless,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5506.2s	5506.2	 you'll be able to find all my videos. There's a lot of them that we did with people on the street,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5510.3s	5510.3	 all of them, of course, people asking and wanting to do them. But yeah, I mean, what we,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5515.0s	5515.0	 I also wrote about that in my book, which is basically a San Francisco pays cash welfare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5519.6s	5519.6	 payment of somewhere between six to seven hundred dollars. Plus you can get $200 in food stamps.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5525.0s	5525.0	 And a lot of people sadly use that to maintain their addiction. And this gentleman, James,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5531.4s	5531.4	 with the tattoos on his face was very honest about how he was playing the system. In fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5536.9s	5536.9	 he was himself. We found this increasingly kind of horrified by the incentives that San Francisco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5542.9s	5542.9	 was creating for people to live on the streets and and live on the streets in their in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5547.3s	5547.3	 addiction. So, yeah, you can find that on YouTube. So many people say incentives drive behavior. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5552.3s	5552.3	 unfortunately, these policies all came from a good place, from a kind heart and the idea that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5558.1s	5558.1	 could help people in need. And unfortunately, the way that the incentives get structured,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5561.8s	5561.8	 they can actually cause more harm than good. It's such an important lesson. I just wanted to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5565.6s	5565.6	 that because I think your reporting on this really hit that home. So thanks for doing that. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5570.5s	5570.5	 it's really important because we have we have to do the right thing for people, but we also have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5574.1s	5574.1	 to be careful that the policies are done in the right way. So I think it's so well said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5578.5s	5578.5	 Friedberg, because when you're Michael, and I just think you're very courageous for doing it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5583.9s	5583.9	 because it's very easy for somebody to say, Oh, well, you are being callous. The truth is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5588.4s	5588.4	 incentives matter. And we saw we've seen this over and over again, if you pay for something,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5592.0s	5592.0	 you get more of it. And really, San Francisco is bearing the burden. I think this is what your book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5596.4s	5596.4	 and, you know, and a lot of the videos you've made, at least the message I got was, San Francisco has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5601.4s	5601.4	 the lowest price of drugs, the lowest enforcement, and the most incentives, therefore, they suffer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5606.7s	5606.7	 because every person who is, you know, addicted comes here, because they speak to each other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5612.5s	5612.5	 And 90% of the people who are in San Francisco are here because we have created an incentive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5616.9s	5616.9	 structure. Is that directionally correct? As we wrap here? Yeah, 100% correct. Including just the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5622.0s	5622.0	 non enforcement of laws against sleeping on the sidewalk, doing drugs in public, not requiring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5628.0s	5628.0	 ultimately three times more people die living outside as an unsheltered homeless person rather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5633.6s	5633.6	 than live than being in a shelter. And for me, that's all you need to know to know that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5638.0s	5638.0	 cannot allow our brothers and sisters to sleep on the street. No matter how desperate they sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5642.5s	5642.5	 about wanting to avoid going inside, it's three times deadlier to be on the street than inside.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5647.2s	5647.2	 So the compassionate thing is to force people into housing. Yes. And that's very tough for people to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5652.1s	5652.1	 say. But you know, because you're we have this perception that people have freedom, and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5656.8s	5656.8	 should have the right to do this. But a person who's taking fentanyl in your research is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5661.4s	5661.4	 thinking correctly. And if it was any family member of ours, we would not want them to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5665.1s	5665.1	 that decision for themselves. We'd want somebody else to make that decision for them. Correct?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5669.2s	5669.2	 Abs. I would want that from if I was on the street so desperate that I was, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5673.3s	5673.3	 smoking fentanyl and breaking multiple laws every day. Of course, I would want to be hospitalized.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5678.4s	5678.4	 You know, and usually, you know, people overcome their addiction. That's the good news. We always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5683.0s	5683.0	 leave out of it, but it is possible. People do overcome their addiction all the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5686.8s	5686.8	 They often need some some intervention from family and friends. And if that's too late for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5691.4s	5691.4	 that, then you need the intervention from the from the city. All right, Michael, thank you, Michael.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5695.7s	5695.7	 Appreciate it. So as we get back to the all in news network, we've now gone 24 hours a day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5702.4s	5702.4	 the all in news network has launched. We'll just have a road to sit at various offices throughout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5707.9s	5707.9	 Silicon Valley, letting executives and CEOs. Imagine we did like a 12 hour marathon show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5716.1s	5716.1	 for charity where just people showed up and we did a what do they call those on TV? What is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5720.9s	5720.9	 charity? By J Cal, by J Cal Laplane. Yeah, by J Cal. Yeah, no, no, just to tell you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5726.3s	5726.3	 I telephoned. J Cal has to still fly commercial. We'll do a telethon. Hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5730.7s	5730.7	 Sax, thank you for setting up those amazing drop ins. Well done. Thanks, Sax. Thanks, Sax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5735.5s	5735.5	 I think that was good. Who made your jacket? That's a great jacket. Is that custom? That is an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5738.4s	5738.4	 East IA. Paul Stewart. East IA. This is the Christmas or holiday jacket. Who is it by? East IA?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5744.1s	5744.1	 It's Valentino. All right. Well, that's that's that's nice. Also. Okay. No, it's not. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5751.1s	5751.1	 Let's keep going here. We got to go to lightning round. All right, let's move biggest flash in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5754.5s	5754.5	 pan. We were was our last. I went with crypto. Pretty easy to say that I'm not going to give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5760.0s	5760.0	 myself a big high five. But what did you guys think of the Elon conversation real quick? Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5763.9s	5763.9	 he's very talkative. And he's anything interesting or surprising for you? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5767.3s	5767.3	 he said the biggest thing that people want to make sure to avoid is margin debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5771.5s	5771.5	 I thought that was interesting. He's working hard. And he's just such a product focused guy. He just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5776.8s	5776.8	 gets his he's like so deeply into it. It's like, yeah, just do the product wins, right? Friedberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5782.0s	5782.0	 I mean, if anything, so my god, of course, that's it. That's it. Yeah. So I mean, and you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5788.3s	5788.3	 products are made by teams. So what I think is distinctly different here, I'm just giving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5792.4s	5792.4	 my personal opinion. I don't have a formal role. Microsoft teams? No, no, no. Teams make products.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5797.6s	5797.6	 And so what I just want to say here is, you know, like the Microsoft team suck. No, that I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5802.3s	5802.3	 trigger the bundle. But I just want to say, you know, like, this is a takeover, as opposed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5807.9s	5807.9	 building a company from scratch, he's had to assemble a team, and then work at this incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5812.7s	5812.7	 product pace. And I think those two things are starting to click week. Yeah, 16 is going to look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5818.2s	5818.2	 very different than week the first six weeks. So yeah, the products are already looking awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5822.0s	5822.0	 And it was nice of him to give me that shout out on the you know, the affiliate badges, but I'll just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5826.7s	5826.7	 give a shout out. I didn't hear it. What was it? Oh, well, he gave me he gave me some credit for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5831.2s	5831.2	 the affiliate badges. But I wanted to give credit to the PMs who approached me about that idea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5837.3s	5837.3	 I went again. Okay, fine. Whatever. The truth is, there were let me give me give credit to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5842.1s	5842.1	 actual PMs, Evan Jones and Patrick Trauger, who they approached me about this idea they had,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5848.0s	5848.0	 and then I helped, you know, give it some momentum. Here's the truth. When Dave and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5853.1s	5853.1	 spend the first couple of weeks there, now that it's a little more public, he was been on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5856.2s	5856.2	 program. What we found over and over again, was that there were great features that were ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5861.1s	5861.1	 to be released, that were being held back by management. And there were brilliant people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5865.3s	5865.3	 with all the ideas that you think should have been released. And they just weren't allowed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5869.4s	5869.4	 release a lot of these products. Why? Who knows? But now that he's in charge, I think you'll see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5875.3s	5875.3	 the product cycle is going to go much quicker. The most important thing I saw, which is such
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5879.0s	5879.0	 an important lesson for anyone running a business in Silicon Valley, is that the pace of decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5883.2s	5883.2	 making matters far more than the accuracy of decision making. It's always been like one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5887.9s	5887.9	 my three big mottos. Say more about that for entrepreneurs. Unpack that. For me, like my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5892.4s	5892.4	 number one, like my three things are always like grit, bias to action, and then narrative. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5896.6s	5896.6	 bias to action, the rate at which you can make decisions is a far greater predictor of success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5902.6s	5902.6	 than the accuracy of the decisions you do make. And so you have to be willing to embrace failure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5907.2s	5907.2	 You have to be willing to make decisions that could result in something not being done correctly or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5911.1s	5911.1	 making a mistake. And even getting embarrassed on the internet by making mistakes and having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5915.2s	5915.2	 to call people like Paul Graham and apologize for them. And that was a big moment. But the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5919.7s	5919.7	 is as a business scales, as professional managers are brought in, their incentive is to not make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5927.1s	5927.1	 mistakes. Their incentive is to do things that are predictably going to work and are predictably not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5932.4s	5932.4	 going to fail. And therefore they avoid taking the risks and they reduce the rate of action,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5936.5s	5936.5	 the rate of decision making. And that's why so many businesses ultimately don't scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5940.5s	5940.5	 past some sort of inflection point. Or when founders that are willing to push that envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5944.2s	5944.2	 step out, everything starts to fall apart. And it's so critically important, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5948.1s	5948.1	 to look at that as being, I think Elon's defining trait and characteristics that regardless of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5953.0s	5953.0	 scale of the organization and the enterprise, he's still willing to act with that level of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5957.0s	5957.0	 bias to action that you typically see in a small startup. Okay. And put his reputation on the at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5962.4s	5962.4	 risk. Yeah. Just to sum it up, I sat in a meeting yesterday. He said that if we're not rolling back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5971.0s	5971.0	 10% of the time, we haven't pushed hard enough. Right. Wonderful. There you go. I mean, it's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5976.3s	5976.3	 if you're never rolling anything back because you never make a mistake, maybe you're just not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5980.7s	5980.7	 moving fast enough. You don't have enough of a bias towards action. You're too afraid of making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5986.0s	5986.0	 a mistake. By the way, here's what's so interesting about the views feature is that a bunch of websites,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5992.0s	5992.0	 I think it started because Instagram did a bunch of apps, deprecated likes because they felt that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=5997.5s	5997.5	 it was too, it was part of this negative cycle. And so they took all this stuff away. And basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6006.6s	6006.6	 views is going sort of back in that direction and giving more granularity in terms of outside in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6013.5s	6013.5	 social engagement on a post, which is, I think, interesting to see it's happening in a moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6017.9s	6017.9	 where all these other sites and apps are actually going in the opposite direction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6022.0s	6022.0	 Well, it's like a standard feature on YouTube. And it's very powerful for YouTube's network
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6027.2s	6027.2	 effects because it shows you how many views you get. So it discourages people from using
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6032.3s	6032.3	 other sites because you know, you get the most distribution on YouTube. So it's weird that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6037.7s	6037.7	 other social networks don't want to follow suit. I mean, in one hour,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6041.1s	6041.1	 they had it, but they deprecated. That's what's so interesting. But I guess, you know, my point is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6045.6s	6045.6	 we've only had this feature for an hour and I didn't realize how much distribution my tweets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6049.4s	6049.4	 were getting. And it definitely undermines my incentive to want to go use some other platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6054.2s	6054.2	 when I see the distribution I'm getting on Twitter. Well, if you're getting 10 times more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6058.0s	6058.0	 distribution than the New York Times, you know, what's going to happen is people stopped listening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6061.0s	6061.0	 and reading that. Well, I mean, it's sort of like this podcast itself. Like, I mean, people ask us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6065.7s	6065.7	 to go. And my point is we have to rely on social proof and anecdotes about the actual scale and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6073.6s	6073.6	 the breadth and the reach because it's impossible for us to get one holistic view that shows across
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6078.9s	6078.9	 all of these different modalities, whether it's Spotify or Apple podcasts or YouTube, how many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6084.3s	6084.3	 people listen or watch and you know, we add it all up and you know, we think it's in this, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6090.1s	6090.1	 sort of three to 5 million range of people. But if you just had a numerical canonical number that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6096.7s	6096.7	 irrefutable, you just run over everybody. This turns it into a meritocracy is gonna be terrifying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6102.2s	6102.2	 to some blue check marks when they see that the people who they report on get 10 times as many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6107.6s	6107.6	 views as they do, which is why when when journalists look at Sean Hannity, go to Sean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6113.0s	6113.0	 Hannity's profile and for the number of followers he has, how pathetically engaged his audiences,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6117.4s	6117.4	 it's all bots. It's all trolls. It's all nobodies. I looked at Mitt Romney just put out a video,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6121.9s	6121.9	 whatever in the first like half hour, he had 100,000 views. Like every politician who starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6126.4s	6126.4	 seeing this is going to go wait a second, I'm getting more views here than I am on MSNBC or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6130.8s	6130.8	 Fox. The world is a more rational place if Mitt Romney actually has more influence than Sean Hannity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6137.4s	6137.4	 Let's hope Okay, let's move on. We got to get through this quickly. It's our longest episode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6140.8s	6140.8	 ever. Here we go. We are going to do next up. It's very this is a very important category,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6148.7s	6148.7	 best CEO of 2022. In 2021, I went with Frank Slootman and Elon Musk. Chamath went with Satya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6157.5s	6157.5	 Nadella. Sax went with Brian Armstrong and Freberg went with Jack Dorsey. Now we go on to 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6165.6s	6165.6	 Sax who everybody wants to know Sax is best CEO of 2022. Go ahead, Sax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6172.8s	6172.8	 Every founder who took my advice to get leaner, slow down their burn,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6177.3s	6177.3	 create runway, you know, weather the storm down, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6181.0s	6181.0	 generic answer, not a person. Yeah, exactly. I mean, look, I think actually a lot of the names,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6185.5s	6185.5	 a lot of the names. Well, here's the problem is that, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6189.3s	6189.3	 yeah, can I finish J.K.L. The names that you mentioned from last year would be the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6193.6s	6193.6	 candidates for this year. I mean, I think Satya Nadella had a good year. Obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6197.2s	6197.2	 what Elon's doing, we just talked about. It's amazing. Brian Armstrong, I think the stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6201.6s	6201.6	 has done great, but he's been a strong CEO. But I don't want to repeat the same names. I think that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6206.1s	6206.1	 you know, every CEO who responded to the regime change by cutting costs, getting leaner,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6211.0s	6211.0	 extending runway, I think deserves to be on this list. And unfortunately, a lot of them are just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6217.1s	6217.1	 resisting and they're just not yet taking the medicine, or they've been taking the medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6222.2s	6222.2	 in little drips and drabs instead of just like swallowing it whole and getting a move on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6226.0s	6226.0	 Yeah, just drink the whole two tablespoons of medicine. Don't sip it. You got to just take it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6231.7s	6231.7	 It's not getting better. I mean, the stock market today should be a wake up call. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6235.8s	6235.8	 this is one of the worst days in the market the whole year. So things are getting worse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6241.5s	6241.5	 before they're getting better. Chamath, who is your best CEO of the year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6245.4s	6245.4	 Well, the numerical answer is Vicky Hollub, who's the CEO of Occidental Petroleum stocks up like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6250.5s	6250.5	 140% this year. It's technically the best performing stock of the year. $63 billion company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6258.1s	6258.1	 But that's just a numerical answer. I actually want to double down on David's answer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6263.7s	6263.7	 Sachs' answer, because I agree with that. I have been guiding our portfolio company CEOs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6271.0s	6271.0	 to be at cash flow break even now or extend runway to Q1 2025.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6278.4s	6278.4	 25.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6279.5s	6279.5	 Yes, because I think Elon and I are kind of roughly in the same place we have been for a while,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6285.0s	6285.0	 which is like, mid-24 is when the recession ends and you need to give yourself two to three quarters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6290.1s	6290.1	 of buffers so that you can go and raise around, which takes a quarter to two quarters. And once
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6294.8s	6294.8	 you start to get escape velocity out of a recession, having money through end of Q1 2025, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6301.6s	6301.6	 is a minimum requirement. And of the companies that I think were the most precariously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6312.0s	6312.0	 positioned, there was five of them that got their acts together and really did it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6317.4s	6317.4	 But these are all CEOs of companies that, I mean, if I said them, you would know some of them. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6321.8s	6321.8	 I do agree with David. I think the CEO that bit the bullet, so maybe publicly what I would say is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6327.1s	6327.1	 the CEO of Klarna deserves a huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6332.9s	6332.9	 medal for having the courage to do it before anybody else did. The CEO of Checkout.com just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6336.5s	6336.5	 took a huge right down. These CEOs are making sure their companies survive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6340.8s	6340.8	 Friedberg, best CEO 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6345.0s	6345.0	 My vote for best CEO is Warren Buffett. And I think it is just simple arithmetic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6351.7s	6351.7	 He has for years and now for decades proven himself to be not just an exceptional investor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6360.0s	6360.0	 stock picker, whatever the kind of typical quip is about what he does for a living.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6365.4s	6365.4	 But I think what's so extraordinary about Buffett is that regardless of the market conditions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6370.5s	6370.5	 he can kind of remain steadfast in his intent and in his mission, and he doesn't kind of waver.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6376.8s	6376.8	 And he doesn't take an active role in ranting and complaining about markets and politics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6382.9s	6382.9	 And I think that that's what makes him such an extraordinary leader. He stays within his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6386.2s	6386.2	 zone of competence. He doesn't do things that he doesn't know about. He doesn't let the macro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6391.2s	6391.2	 drive him and cause him to be kind of affected by it. And he says, this is what I know how to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6396.8s	6396.8	 This is what I can do. And that is all that he does do. And he does it so exceptionally well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6401.2s	6401.2	 And to Chamath's point, he is the largest shareholder of Occidental Petroleum,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6404.9s	6404.9	 along with many other incredible businesses. And I think he's proven in a market like we just had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6410.0s	6410.0	 this year, why he is kind of the most extraordinary CEO, or one of the most extraordinary CEOs, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6415.1s	6415.1	 one of the best kind of capital allocators of all time. I'm going to go in a similar fashion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6422.0s	6422.0	 as Chamath and Sachs and go with the money losing CEOs, who have dedicated themselves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6428.9s	6428.9	 to free cash flow, and to getting to profitability from the last cycle Airbnb and Uber were the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6434.7s	6434.7	 money losers. And now Airbnb is my number one, they become a money printer. They are now making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6441.7s	6441.7	 bank. And they're still growing very quickly. And then Uber I put in my second, they need to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6448.3s	6448.3	 another riff, they need to cut some expenses, but they too are hitting the free cash flow and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6452.6s	6452.6	 network effects. So I'm giving it to Chesky and then Dara one and two. Okay, let's keep moving.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6459.2s	6459.2	 Best investor for me, I'm going with the investors, like a general category,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6466.0s	6466.0	 who are demanding governance and doing diligence again, or who never stopped. Let me say it that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6471.8s	6471.8	 way. There's a generation of investors who raised their funds in the last five years and didn't do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6477.3s	6477.3	 diligence didn't demand board seats, didn't demand boards. Those idiots are now paying the price and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6484.3s	6484.3	 they created a lot of this mess of entitlement and a lack of governance. I want to give a shout out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6489.2s	6489.2	 to the Bill Gurleys of the world who fought for governance and fought for diligence in the face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6494.8s	6494.8	 of being told, okay, boom, or you don't get it. Who do you have best investors, Chamath Palihapitiya?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6501.9s	6501.9	 I will pick the what are called the pod shops. So these are folks that have strategies where they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6507.6s	6507.6	 have hundreds of investing pods underneath an umbrella. And they have this very sophisticated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6514.0s	6514.0	 risk infrastructure. So this is what Ken Griffin owns in Citadel. This is what Izzy Englander
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6518.9s	6518.9	 owns in Millennium. Brevin Howard is another one. D.E. Shaw is another one. So they have all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6526.2s	6526.2	 kinds of strategies, but that are essentially run by computers that allocate risk, you know, scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6532.8s	6532.8	 you up, scale you back, turn you on, turn you off, fire you overnight. And those strategies as a whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6538.8s	6538.8	 ran over the market this year. They were the best performers. They are giving back billions of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6544.8s	6544.8	 dollars, they've generated double digit positive returns. They're raising their fees. In some cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6551.7s	6551.7	 some of these folks are moving their annual fee up to 4% a year, their carry up to 40% a year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6559.2s	6559.2	 Incredibly, incredibly well run performant businesses. They were by and away the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6565.7s	6565.7	 investors this year. Okay, we're gonna go lightning round from here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6569.8s	6569.8	 Sax, do you have a best investor? Yeah, I said Stan Druckenmiller. He, as you recall, last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6576.4s	6576.4	 he predicted that inflation would be lasting. This was the spring of 2021 when transitory was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6582.0s	6582.0	 the word of the day. This year, he predicted the bear market rally we had in July and August.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6588.0s	6588.0	 And I remember back at the Co-2 Summit in May, there were around that time, he was interviewed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6593.9s	6593.9	 and he basically was saying that as soon as there was a bear market rally over the summer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6599.9s	6599.9	 that he would then put a short position on. I don't know if he actually did that, but he said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6603.7s	6603.7	 he's gonna do that. And then it turns out that the summer rally that we had was a dead cat bounce.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6608.6s	6608.6	 So he was right about that. And now he is predicting a hard landing in 2023 with a deeper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6615.1s	6615.1	 recession than many expect. So sadly, I suspect he may be right yet again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6620.4s	6620.4	 Friedberg, best investor for you, 2022. Same. Yeah, I had Druckenmiller. I indicated that he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6625.5s	6625.5	 been doing interviews pretty much every quarter for the last two years, and he's been pounding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6628.6s	6628.6	 the table telling everyone what's gonna happen, and it all happened. And he even told people the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6632.0s	6632.0	 trades. In mid-2021, he said he was short, long-dated treasuries, and he was long commodities. And if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6638.0s	6638.0	 had put those two trades on at that time and held them to today, you would have made a fortune.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6642.3s	6642.3	 And so I think he's extraordinary in his ability to kind of see macro in a way that others don't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6647.3s	6647.3	 but also to take extremely brave action with his portfolio. He's renowned for how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6652.4s	6652.4	 big the bets are that he makes and how quickly he can change his mind when he's wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6656.6s	6656.6	 and make another big bet to instill get himself out of the hole. He's incredible. So I definitely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6661.2s	6661.2	 give it to Stanley Druckenmiller this year. 2021, we did our best turnarounds. I picked Disney,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6667.6s	6667.6	 Chamath Ford, Friedberg. Should we stick this category? What about the worst investor of 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6674.6s	6674.6	 Can we do that? Good, Chamath. You want to freestyle? Tell us your worst investor of 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6678.1s	6678.1	 I mean, I'll put myself in the category along with anybody else who was long tech. Base Dave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6682.6s	6682.6	 Nick, if you can just bring please back up this capital asset pricing model. Any of us that didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6688.9s	6688.9	 understand this got run over this year. And just to put some very specific numbers here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6696.0s	6696.0	 there was a decent little tweet thread that Elon was a part of where they actually calculated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6701.9s	6701.9	 what the expected rate of return of Tesla was. And it turned out to be almost 14% a year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6708.4s	6708.4	 And so when you start to compound 14% over three, four, five years, these numbers get very big very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6714.4s	6714.4	 quickly. And the reason why is that it has a huge beta. And we're in a world now where the risk-free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6720.7s	6720.7	 rate is quite high. So all of us benefited from this equation essentially being upside down for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6727.7s	6727.7	 the last 15 years. And all of us who were over allocated into things that benefited from those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6734.4s	6734.4	 dynamics, frankly got run over this year. So we were as a class the worst investors of 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6741.6s	6741.6	 Okay, here we go. Let's do our best turnaround. I am going to go with me for me, it's meta. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6750.0s	6750.0	 were losing money. handover fest, they refused to do a rift. And then finally, bestie Brad Gershner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6757.0s	6757.0	 said, let's get fit. He did a memo. And finally, finally, Zuckerberg made some cuts. Reportedly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6764.0s	6764.0	 rumors he's making a 1510 or 15% cut I heard in the back channels right now based on performance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6770.1s	6770.1	 So he's not calling it a riff or a layoff. They're just going to cut the bottom 10 or 15% again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6774.9s	6774.9	 So I think Zucks going to turn it around. Anybody have a best turnaround? So you're saying Zuck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6780.7s	6780.7	 mission accomplished? You turn around this year. I'm going with meta.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6786.8s	6786.8	 So your answer is meta was turned around by Zuck this year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6789.9s	6789.9	 Yes, they got down to $85. And now they're up at what 110 115. Yes, he turned it around at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6795.2s	6795.2	 end of the year. It was like a Hail Mary at the end of the year. He's turned it around. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6798.2s	6798.2	 he's going to continue to Yes, that is my position. I bought the stock at 94.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6805.6s	6805.6	 Go with that, Jacob. Okay, so if we're talking about very partial turnarounds here, I would say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6811.5s	6811.5	 I would say that you can measure the turnaround as of October 24 to now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6816.5s	6816.5	 Yes, exactly. So San Francisco is still overall a mess. But there were a few positive events
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6823.4s	6823.4	 that happened over the past year. And since we're looking back, we should call these out. So first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6827.8s	6827.8	 of all, back, this is towards the beginning of the year, we were called three members of the school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6832.6s	6832.6	 board, most particularly, Alison Collins, remember her, this was done by something like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6839.0s	6839.0	 a 70-30 margin and 80-20 on Collins. This was the school board that had dragged its feet on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6845.0s	6845.0	 school reopenings. They destroyed the Merrick-based Lowell High School. They wasted hours of meetings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6850.8s	6850.8	 on a silly plan to remove the names of names like Abraham Lincoln from the schools. In any event,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6856.9s	6856.9	 they were removed. Then, J. Cal, you referred to this, we got Chase Aboudin recalled the bias
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6863.6s	6863.6	 60-40 margin as San Francisco DA. This was the DA whose agenda was decarceration. He tried to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6870.8s	6870.8	 release as many repeat offenders as possible. The voters in San Francisco had enough. And then,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6876.0s	6876.0	 most recently, the far less supervisor, Gordon Maher, just got rejected by his own community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6881.5s	6881.5	 this November. And the new tough DA, Brooke Jenkins, got reelected in her own right after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6887.8s	6887.8	 being appointed by London Breed. So, there's still a long way to go in San Francisco, but there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6892.9s	6892.9	 definitely some green shoots that the electorate here has had enough and is looking for, let's say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6899.2s	6899.2	 called the centrist Democrats as opposed to the radicals. Okay, we're in the lightning round here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6905.3s	6905.3	 We're in hour three of the All In podcast marathon, this telethon. Jamath, you got a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6912.8s	6912.8	 best turnaround for 2022? Hard one to give. So, any green shoots for 2022, as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6918.1s	6918.1	 Saks would say? No, I mean, everything just got destroyed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6921.6s	6921.6	 It's all a disaster. Great. Freeberg, anything that you-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6926.0s	6926.0	 There may be no turnaround award until 2025.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6929.6s	6929.6	 Fine. Okay. Yeah, we're a little split on this, Freeberg. You got anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6932.4s	6932.4	 Or I'll just go with your incisive fucking viewpoint and I'll pick Zuck and Meta. That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6937.1s	6937.1	 made so much sense. I bought it at 94. It's at 117. It's one of my best J-Trades.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6943.2s	6943.2	 Didn't you also say Disney was your pick of the year or something?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6945.5s	6945.5	 I'm buying more. I'm buying more Disney. I'm buying more. This is what I'm doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6950.8s	6950.8	 I'm telling you, Disney, Warner, which you talked about before, and Facebook are three of my big ones.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6958.4s	6958.4	 Let's say worst human being here. Well, I think, look, given that this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6961.7s	6961.7	 supposed to be the year 2022, I mean, you got to say that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6964.4s	6964.4	 In 2020, you all say SBF.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6965.9s	6965.9	 SBF was the winner of this hands down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6967.7s	6967.7	 Okay. Congratulations to SBF. You are consensus worst human being.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6971.7s	6971.7	 For this year. I mean, not ever, but just for-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6974.1s	6974.1	 Only for this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6975.2s	6975.2	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6976.4s	6976.4	 Yeah. We all hate you equally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6978.3s	6978.3	 Okay. Who's number two? Why do you hate him?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6980.8s	6980.8	 Why do I hate him? Because all those people lost their money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6984.0s	6984.0	 And, you know, there's some, it's causing chaos. I feel terrible for all these people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6987.7s	6987.7	 who lost money. That's why I hate him. Oh, it's disgusting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6992.0s	6992.0	 Did you see that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6992.5s	6992.5	 Anybody have a second most loathing person?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6994.4s	6994.4	 The two guys copped to please Caroline Ellison and Gary Wang.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=6999.0s	6999.0	 Oh, they flipped like pancakes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7000.3s	7000.3	 They flipped, but it turns out that they actually did engineer a backdoor into FTX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7005.6s	7005.6	 and Alameda has been doing this for years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7007.4s	7007.4	 Yes. Wong wrote it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7008.2s	7008.2	 Oh my God. Oh my God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7010.3s	7010.3	 That's game over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7010.9s	7010.9	 You're getting 10 years. He's getting life. Game over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7013.5s	7013.5	 Oh my God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7014.0s	7014.0	 Well, they're talking about an interesting defense strategy that we were discussing in the chat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7019.8s	7019.8	 Oh yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7021.3s	7021.3	 I think this is actually a fascinating defense strategy. I think this is their only shot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7024.9s	7024.9	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7024.9s	7024.9	 One of our besties had this theory that he was prescribed two prescription drugs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7029.7s	7029.7	 One was Adderall. What was the other one called?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7032.1s	7032.1	 This was not a drug.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7032.6s	7032.6	 E-Sem. E-Sem? The patch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7035.6s	7035.6	 It's a drug I wasn't familiar with. I guess it's a patch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7037.8s	7037.8	 But when you combine these two things, apparently it basically shuts down or kills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7042.9s	7042.9	 the part of your brain that deals with-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7046.3s	7046.3	 Inhibition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7047.0s	7047.0	 Inhibition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7047.6s	7047.6	 It's cocaine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7048.5s	7048.5	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7048.9s	7048.9	 What if his defense strategy was, yeah, only an insane person would do this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7054.4s	7054.4	 and I was acting insane because I was prescribed these drugs that had these drug conflicts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7059.5s	7059.5	 and it killed part of my brain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7061.9s	7061.9	 And what if every criminal on Wall Street said, cocaine is my defense?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7066.6s	7066.6	 But this, you could say maybe he was legally prescribed it if he could show the prescription.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7070.9s	7070.9	 By the way, I'm not saying this should get him off. We're basically workshopping what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7076.9s	7076.9	 his only shot of his defense would be, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7079.4s	7079.4	 Well, and think about it, Sax. He acted manic after FTX collapsed. So that mania
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7087.0s	7087.0	 of doing 20 Twitter spaces would be evident.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7090.4s	7090.4	 There's something so insane about what he did, right? It's almost like a prescribed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7097.9s	7097.9	 insanity defense. I was prescribed a drug combination that made me insane.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7103.4s	7103.4	 Did anybody have a most loathsome company as we wrap?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7105.8s	7105.8	 The only way that you could come up with that is you'd have to have two parents that were law
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7109.5s	7109.5	 professors or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7110.3s	7110.3	 All right. Most loathsome company FTX for me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7114.5s	7114.5	 What if this is his defense?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7116.3s	7116.3	 My parents, boohoo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7118.7s	7118.7	 No, no, no. He'll claim insanity, J. Cal. He'll say-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7121.1s	7121.1	 Of course. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7124.1s	7124.1	 Do we think that his parents aren't going to help his defense?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7128.4s	7128.4	 At this point, this kid's got to go away for life. That's it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7131.7s	7131.7	 You think life? Wow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7133.3s	7133.3	 I think it's got to be life. I think it's got to be 30 plus years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7136.5s	7136.5	 It's just going to be billions of dollars. What kind of justice system do we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7139.9s	7139.9	 when people go away for 20, 30, 40 years?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7141.7s	7141.7	 How many years per billion would you sentence?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7146.3s	7146.3	 A decade per billion, at least.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7148.9s	7148.9	 Yeah. You got to put it proportional.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7150.8s	7150.8	 That's 100 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7151.8s	7151.8	 Sax, don't you think the justice system needs to look at other people who are in jail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7156.4s	7156.4	 for selling cocaine, for selling marijuana, for robbing a convenience store?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7161.6s	7161.6	 They'll put somebody away for robbing a convenience store for a decade or two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7165.5s	7165.5	 Where are they going to put him in jail for? Just because somebody came in with a gun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7168.2s	7168.2	 and robbed a convenience store, they get 20 years. This kid's going to get off?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7172.1s	7172.1	 Look, I think- What do you guys think the over under is here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7174.9s	7174.9	 You think it's life?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7176.3s	7176.3	 I'll set it at 35 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7178.5s	7178.5	 I'll take the over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7179.5s	7179.5	 I'll take the over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7180.4s	7180.4	 I'll take 30. I think 30 is the over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7182.2s	7182.2	 I think this is made off level.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7183.5s	7183.5	 I set a good line then.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7185.3s	7185.3	 I think this is made off level.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7186.5s	7186.5	 I agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7186.9s	7186.9	 I'll take the over on 30.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7187.7s	7187.7	 Yeah. I think it's-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7188.5s	7188.5	 I said 35.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7189.7s	7189.7	 I think it's going to be a multiple hundreds of years sentence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7192.8s	7192.8	 I agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7193.5s	7193.5	 And you'll be gone for life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7194.5s	7194.5	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7194.8s	7194.8	 I think it's going to be life, but I set a good line.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7196.7s	7196.7	 Okay. Most slowsome company is FTX. Anybody want to go for a second?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7200.3s	7200.3	 No, let's just keep moving.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7202.0s	7202.0	 No, I'll add one. This year, I'm going to give my- last year I gave it to Tyson Foods,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7206.2s	7206.2	 one of the largest slaughter of animals on earth. This year, I'm going to give it to a company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7210.4s	7210.4	 called Innotiv. I-N-O-T-I-V. This is the company that was busted by the feds for their animal abuse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7217.7s	7217.7	 in their dog breeding facility where 4,000 beagles were rescued, one of which I adopted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7223.3s	7223.3	 And this is a publicly traded company, stocks down 90 some odd percent, which I'm thrilled to see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7227.8s	7227.8	 Terrible business, awful, awful kind of inhumane behavior.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7233.7s	7233.7	 And so I want to kind of give them a special shout out this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7237.7s	7237.7	 Look at you. And you're getting the virtue signaling points of rescuing the dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7241.9s	7241.9	 to increase your Q factor amongst besties. Well done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7245.5s	7245.5	 Max Q factor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7247.9s	7247.9	 Max Q factor. Yeah. Anybody else have a loathsome?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7250.6s	7250.6	 Yes. I'd like to pick this company, Zeeboodoo Babsooza, which destroyed the environment for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7256.9s	7256.9	 a bunch of endangered species that I would otherwise have used for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7260.2s	7260.2	 various fur pelts for my sweaters and such.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7262.9s	7262.9	 Yes. And I would like to go with Blah-Bly-Bloah-Bly-Blook, which was torturing puppies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7268.3s	7268.3	 18 of which I rescued and I now have them in the J-Cal puppy rescue. I am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7273.8s	7273.8	 the most sensitive and caring person. Also, I would like to add SeaWorld. I am in the process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7280.3s	7280.3	 of raising money to build bigger pools to eventually release all the orcas in captivity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7285.7s	7285.7	 That is my new focus for next year. Okay. Moving on. Oh God. Do we want to do best meme?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7292.8s	7292.8	 Do we want to do best new tech? I'll do best new tech. I don't have the best meme.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7296.1s	7296.1	 I'm going with fusion for best new tech. I'm going with-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7298.5s	7298.5	 I'm going to go with ChatGPT. I think what was so impressive about ChatGPT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7304.1s	7304.1	 and the experience that everyone's had using it is that it really for the first time, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7308.1s	7308.1	 elucidated where these kind of machine learning tools can take us and what the kind of new product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7315.4s	7315.4	 experience can be, what generative AI can yield, things beyond, I think, the scope of what a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7320.6s	7320.6	 people were imagining before. So it was really so revealing. And as you guys know, there's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7325.2s	7325.2	 absolute frigging tidal wave of people trying to start companies that are leveraging tools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7330.4s	7330.4	 and generative AI to kind of reinvent everything from workplace tools, enterprise software,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7335.9s	7335.9	 all the way through to media, games, and entertainment. So that's why I think ChatGPT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7339.7s	7339.7	 was the most impressive new technology of 2020. And then Sachs, lightning round, please. Best new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7344.5s	7344.5	 tech. Alpha Fold 3, which basically has almost near perfect accuracy in protein folding. Sachs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7350.5s	7350.5	 best new tech. I can't improve on the ChatGPT. So yeah, let's keep rolling. Best trend, best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7356.5s	7356.5	 trend in business and in the world. Mine is startups getting back and investors getting back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7361.9s	7361.9	 to reality and what I call the age of austerity, the age of focus after the age of excess. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7366.7s	7366.7	 the best trend in our world, the age of austerity. What's your best trend for 2022? Marginal cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7372.5s	7372.5	 energy generation and storage is now in the low single digit pennies per kilowatt hour,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7377.3s	7377.3	 which basically means that not only will energy be free and abundant, but it will, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7383.0s	7383.0	 over the next decade or two, create a massive peace dividend. It will rewrite our foreign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7388.5s	7388.5	 policy. It will rewrite national security. That is the reason why people should care about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7393.9s	7393.9	 energy transition, not necessarily climate change, although that's important. It's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7397.5s	7397.5	 distant second to keeping men and women out of war and keeping our borders safe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7405.2s	7405.2	 Well said. Anybody else have a best trend? I'll pick it up. So last year, I said the crater economy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7411.7s	7411.7	 which I think referred to all these kind of creators creating new products and businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7416.3s	7416.3	 beyond their content. This year, I think that the trend that was again enabled and demonstrated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7421.1s	7421.1	 through chat GPT is the narrator economy. I think this is going to be a really important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7424.7s	7424.7	 trend going forward. We'll talk about it in the prediction episode, but I think the idea that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7428.4s	7428.4	 people are and they're starting to experience this and using chat GPT and Dolly and other kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7433.0s	7433.0	 generative AI tools is how much you can kind of narrate the product you want to see created and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7439.1s	7439.1	 have it created for you on the fly. And I think that that's a really kind of powerful mind shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7444.1s	7444.1	 for people and frame shift for people. And I think it really starts to change a lot of the way that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7448.5s	7448.5	 people behave, entertain themselves, businesses operate and so on. So I'd call it the narrator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7453.0s	7453.0	 economy. And I think it's really kind of starting to emerge. Okay. Do you have a trend? Sax? Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7458.5s	7458.5	 I would say best friend is the growing realization that the corporate media is failing. It does not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7465.2s	7465.2	 tell the truth. It has an agenda. More and more people are opting out of it and going with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7469.0s	7469.0	 independent media. I think, you know, what Elon mentioned, where we're going to start holding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7473.3s	7473.3	 these corporate journalists the same standard on Twitter as regular citizens. They're outraged by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7477.7s	7477.7	 that, but that's a huge step in the right direction. The fact of the matter is, is that the press or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7484.0s	7484.0	 the media is the prism through which reality is refracted. And if it's not giving us an accurate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7488.9s	7488.9	 representation of the world, we can't begin to solve our problems since we don't have accurate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7493.1s	7493.1	 information. And I think more and more people are waking up from the matrix and realizing that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7497.2s	7497.2	 we're living in this media controlled simulation. And again, I don't think we're going to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7503.0s	7503.0	 progress until the this power that the media seems to have over our reality gets gets broken.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7509.3s	7509.3	 Okay, let's go for worst trend. My worst trend is the Fed trying to play catch up the Fed trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7514.9s	7514.9	 to play catch up. Sorry, buddy. The Fed trying to play catch up is the worst trend for me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7520.2s	7520.2	 overseeing into the crash. What do you got Chamath for the worst trend of 2020?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7525.2s	7525.2	 Worst trend was the continued profligate spending by the federal government. We have record deficits,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7532.9s	7532.9	 record debt. And this year, we're ending the year by adding another $1.65 trillion of spending that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7539.5s	7539.5	 nobody can seemingly account for. It is truly the Christmas tree of Christmas trees in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7544.6s	7544.6	 bills. So we have not gotten religion yet around being measured in how we spend money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7551.0s	7551.0	 Good one. Worst trend. Sax?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7552.9s	7552.9	 Last year, my worst trend was authoritarianism growing all over the world. And I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7558.2s	7558.2	 pretty decent prediction. This year's worst trend is the government colluding with big tech to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7564.0s	7564.0	 engage in censorship. This is how they're going to do the authoritarianism. We talked about it with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7568.4s	7568.4	 Schellenberger and Elon, this whole series of revelations, known as the Twitter files, we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7573.4s	7573.4	 see this collusion, this cozy relationship between the censors at Twitter and big tech and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7578.6s	7578.6	 the bureaucrats at the FBI and DHS and Pentagon. This is a really disturbing dystopian relationship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7586.1s	7586.1	 as we talked about earlier. And I feel like we spent all this time talking about the authoritarianism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7593.2s	7593.2	 in Russia and China. We seem to be obsessed with combating that and going to war with that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7598.3s	7598.3	 but we don't spend enough time talking about this growing authoritarianism at home. The media doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7602.7s	7602.7	 seem to want to report on the Twitter files at all. Let's focus on stopping authoritarianism here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7608.5s	7608.5	 Well said, Friedberg. What's your worst trend?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7610.8s	7610.8	 My worst trend for 2022 is what I would call interest rate mania. And I think that this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7616.1s	7616.1	 the mania that we've been caught up in on this show that other people on our thread, people in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7621.7s	7621.7	 the business community and the investing community, where everyone's obsession with did the Fed act
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7625.8s	7625.8	 soon enough or late enough, and that interest rates ultimately drive success or failure with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7630.0s	7630.0	 building businesses and making good investments. And the truth is when interest rates go the wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7635.2s	7635.2	 way, good investments can strengthen their way, can make their way through those environments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7642.3s	7642.3	 Bad investments cannot. Good businesses can make their way through and bad investments cannot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7646.7s	7646.7	 And so I think our mania around the fact that interest rates and the Fed ultimately drove
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7651.5s	7651.5	 bad outcomes in businesses and investments is a flawed assertion. And we all want to get back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7657.1s	7657.1	 the drunken days where, you know, a low interest rate environment enables us all to be successful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7662.2s	7662.2	 and wealthy. And I think that that's kind of changed. So I think it's time for us to get away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7665.6s	7665.6	 from the interest rate media and focus more on solid investing and solid business building.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7670.4s	7670.4	 Okay, here we go. Lightning round. We've got two to go. Favorite media of 2022. For me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7674.6s	7674.6	 it was Top Gun, House of the Dragon, White Lotus 2. But I'm going to pick my favorite here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7679.1s	7679.1	 something you may not have heard of the film Tar. I highly recommend it, but I did like those other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7684.6s	7684.6	 three tremendously. What do you got, Sacks, for your favorite media of 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7688.4s	7688.4	 House of the Dragon, I guess I enjoyed quite a bit like you did. I'll give a shout out to my movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7693.6s	7693.6	 Dolly Land, which will be coming out next summer. If we're going to include podcast episodes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7698.0s	7698.0	 I would give a shout out to the unheard episode where Freddie Sayers interviews John Mearsheimer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7704.5s	7704.5	 the professor of international relations. He explains the origins of the Ukraine War and has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7709.5s	7709.5	 some really pessimistic predictions about what might happen next. I suggest everyone watch it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7714.5s	7714.5	 if they want to understand this conflict and where it may be going next year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7718.7s	7718.7	 Chamath, you have any favorite media for 2022 you want to share?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7721.6s	7721.6	 I thought Yellowstone, Kicked Ass, absolutely incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7726.9s	7726.9	 There's, I think it's on Hulu, but there's a show with Steve Carell, a little short series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7732.3s	7732.3	 called The Patient, which is about a serial killer that kidnaps his psychologist and locks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7738.4s	7738.4	 him in his basement to try to help him prevent him killing more people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7742.2s	7742.2	 And I thought it was really, really well done. Never have I ever, the latest season, another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7748.7s	7748.7	 just brilliant offering from Mindy Kaling, she's unbelievable. Those are, those are probably the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7753.7s	7753.7	 top ones. What do you got? Freeberg, any media?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7756.8s	7756.8	 Yeah, I read a book this year that I really liked. It's called The Vital Question by a guy named
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7762.1s	7762.1	 Nick Lane, someone recommended it to me. It's, he's a biochemist, and he kind of talks a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7767.3s	7767.3	 about the origin of life on earth. It really ties into this idea of the world of the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7771.6s	7771.6	 and the idea that there are certain, call it principles of physics and statistics that make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7776.3s	7776.3	 life predictive and predictable. But I think the way that he kind of walks through how a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7782.4s	7782.4	 things emerge in life and how life ultimately kind of developed on this planet are really well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7790.2s	7790.2	 shown. So yeah, I give his book a shout out. It was a really good read.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7793.7s	7793.7	 So that book, The Vital Question is incredible. The other one that he wrote, which is called Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7798.5s	7798.5	 Those two books you must read if you don't want to be a Luddite, in my opinion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7802.2s	7802.2	 All right, I will. Also, for those people who don't understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7806.1s	7806.1	 the difference between power and energy, you will learn what that is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7809.4s	7809.4	 Very good. I have two book recommendations. Putting the rabbit in the hat is Brian Cox,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7813.8s	7813.8	 you may know him from Secession. He has a great book and he reads the audiobook, very enjoyable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7819.7s	7819.7	 I'm halfway through Quentin Tarantino's cinema, speculation and enjoying it very much,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7823.8s	7823.8	 actually will enjoy it tremendously. Okay. And now we do the Rudy Giuliani award for self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7829.3s	7829.3	 emulation. This is for the person who poured lighter fluid and gasoline over themselves and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7834.8s	7834.8	 lit themselves on fire for no apparent reason. I go with Kevin O'Leary, who's secured a $15 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7839.2s	7839.2	 bag from FTX and then decided to try to defend it 18 ways to Sunday, burning whatever reputation he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7847.7s	7847.7	 had. Who do you have in your Rudy Giuliani award? This will be controversial for you guys. I'm going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7852.7s	7852.7	 to go with Elon Musk. I don't think that Elon put himself in the position that he did with bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7859.1s	7859.1	 intentions or without paying attention. I think he's taken on a role in buying and running Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7866.6s	7866.6	 that is principled. And in his mind and many other people's minds, a really important role
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7872.9s	7872.9	 that someone needs to play. Unfortunately, I think his reputation has gotten really hurt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7878.6s	7878.6	 because of that role. He's not making a lot of friends and he's causing a lot of reputational
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7885.8s	7885.8	 damage. He obviously had a lot of good and important things he was working on prior to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7890.0s	7890.0	 taking on the additional burden of Twitter. And while many people appreciate his doing it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7894.2s	7894.2	 I think that it's causing him a lot of reputational damage. And so, yeah, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7899.4s	7899.4	 mean to kind of be offensive in saying that, but I think he's gotten the biggest hit on reputation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7904.5s	7904.5	 It's certainly been a hard thing to do. It's certainly been a hard thing to do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7907.0s	7907.0	 Zach. But you're saying self-immolation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7908.9s	7908.9	 Freeberg, because he took it on himself. He could have just-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7911.0s	7911.0	 He took it on himself. Yeah, I'm not saying it's just dumb stupid stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7913.3s	7913.3	 It's one interpretation. Yeah, it's not like the Rudy Giuliani
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7916.4s	7916.4	 idiocy. I think he's taken on the burden of doing this and I think it's causing him a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7920.0s	7920.0	 reputational harm. Okay, it's an interpretation of the award. What do you got, Chamath? A Zachs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7924.3s	7924.3	 Chamath? Well, I mean, if I were to interpret the award, I think the way it was originally intended,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7929.7s	7929.7	 I think I got to give it to Herschel Walker this year, unfortunately. And I wish Republicans would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7933.7s	7933.7	 stop winning this award. At least Herschel never gave any speeches next to a dildo shop, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7940.2s	7940.2	 nonetheless. I am so sorry. I'm so delighted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7945.5s	7945.5	 Zachs, that you've been so self-aware about the follies of the dying MAGA,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7951.9s	7951.9	 the last throes of the MAGA nation. I want to find some Democrats to give this to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7955.7s	7955.7	 I want to give it to that brain dead Senator from Pennsylvania. What's his name?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7960.5s	7960.5	 Fetterman. Fetterman. Fetterman. Thank you. I wanted to give it to Fetterman, but he won.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7967.2s	7967.2	 So I don't know what I'm supposed to do. It's like, no, listen, when a Republican
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7972.1s	7972.1	 self-immolates like Rudy or Herschel or something like that, they get laughed out of town. And when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7977.3s	7977.3	 the Democrat does it like a Fetterman, they just get elected. So I don't know what to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7981.7s	7981.7	 All right, Chamath, you got any final words here? Go ahead. We got to end this episode. It's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7985.2s	7985.2	 to be the longest episode ever. I think it's poor producer, Nick.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7989.3s	7989.3	 Whoever signed the papers for the whole search and seizure at Mar-a-Lago looks kind of like an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=7996.0s	7996.0	 idiot. So that was not politically astute. Okay. You would say the FBI then. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8001.4s	8001.4	 Poorly handled perhaps? That's actually a great one, actually.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8004.8s	8004.8	 If we're going to get serious for a second, the combination of revelations, if we're going to look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8009.1s	8009.1	 over this whole year. Remember, Jason, when I basically spoke up at the time they raided
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8014.2s	8014.2	 Mar-a-Lago and said that it was heavy-handed and unnecessary. And now you combine that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8018.9s	8018.9	 I keep telling you guys for years, Donald Trump is an idiot savant minus the savant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8024.6s	8024.6	 Why all of you guys just project all of this like insane, genius, evil level stuff? He's not capable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8033.9s	8033.9	 of that. This is a simpleton who likes attention. He stole a bunch of souvenirs that he didn't read
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8040.1s	8040.1	 when he was in the White House. That was my position.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8041.4s	8041.4	 Hasn't read now, kept in a box downstairs just to say he had them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8045.0s	8045.0	 That's exactly right. I was the one who championed the souvenir.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8047.7s	8047.7	 I know he's a souvenir guy. You said he was selling secrets to the Saudis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8051.8s	8051.8	 No, I did not say that. I said my idea was souvenirs. You suggested it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8055.6s	8055.6	 I did not. You did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8056.9s	8056.9	 You did? You did. You were tweeting Jared Kushner and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8060.4s	8060.4	 an elaborate conspiracy theory. I'm saying that doesn't look good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8063.1s	8063.1	 I know it's not a conspiracy theory when you do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8065.1s	8065.1	 And, and, guys, and this is the same person that basically in the beginning of his presidential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8071.3s	8071.3	 campaign in 2016- I was dunking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8073.0s	8073.0	 In front of Hillary Clinton said, absolutely, I bend the laws that you created, the tax laws,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8079.7s	8079.7	 to my favor because I'm not stupid when she called him a tax dodger. And it turns out after all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8085.7s	8085.7	 years, he was telling the truth. He basically-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8090.2s	8090.2	 Once again, the show ends with Trump. It's been a great 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8094.0s	8094.0	 No, no, but honestly, did we learn anything except that these tax laws are egregiously stupid and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8100.9s	8100.9	 the only people that are consistently guaranteed to make money in these tax laws are real estate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8104.8s	8104.8	 investors? If you put these two things together, a real estate investor who happened to be very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8110.3s	8110.3	 poor at his job, which Trump turned out to be, packed billions of dollars of NOLs that he was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8116.1s	8116.1	 able to use to wash his taxes for years and years. And by the way, and he was clearly proud of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8121.0s	8121.0	 He was just goading the Democrats in not releasing them. They went through all this rigmarole.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8125.9s	8125.9	 And what did we find out? He had huge NOLs. He had huge deductions and he paid no taxes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8130.9s	8130.9	 Is that shocking to any of us? It's like, it's like Chappelle said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8133.7s	8133.7	 he came out of the house, told everyone everything you think is going on inside that house is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8138.5s	8138.5	 on and went back and then he walked back inside the house. Yeah, it was pretty great. All right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8144.2s	8144.2	 Listen for David Sacks, the Rain Man for the Queen of Kenwa, Sultan of Science, David Friedberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8153.7s	8153.7	 and the dictator himself, Chamath Palihapitiya. It has been an honor and a privilege to do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8159.6s	8159.6	 podcast with you gentlemen. This is the longest show in the history of the pod. Enjoy everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8166.3s	8166.3	 RIP producer, Nix, Nix 48 hours and we'll see everybody next year. Love you guys. Happy holidays.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8172.9s	8172.9	 Love you best.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8196.1s	8196.1	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8206.5s	8206.5	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE5CTKqWEV0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=13&t=8210.9s	8210.9	 sexual tension that they just need to release them out.
