https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=0.0s	0.0	 All right, everybody. Welcome to 2023. Everybody's well rested and ready to take on 2023. Yes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=6.0s	6.0	 Chamath, how was your break?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=7.2s	7.2	 Amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=8.2s	8.2	 Okay. Saxy Poo, I know you don't go to temperatures that are under 57 degrees anymore. Did you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=14.4s	14.4	 have a nice break? Did you go somewhere warm?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=16.4s	16.4	 Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=17.4s	17.4	 Okay. That's a confirmation. Wow. Man, have so many words. And Freeberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=21.6s	21.6	 I'm over cold weather vacations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=23.6s	23.6	 Yeah. That does happen at a certain point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=25.8s	25.8	 Actually, we went to Florida. We went to the free state of Florida.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=29.2s	29.2	 Oh, really? What's going on in Florida at the turn of the new year, I wonder, that drew you down to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=36.1s	36.1	 the great state of Florida?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=37.6s	37.6	 We're just freeing it up in the free state of Florida.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=40.0s	40.0	 We have our 2023 predictions now. Play some music and all that kind of stuff. Producer Nick, at this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=62.6s	62.6	 point, let's get to it. Last year, we did our biggest...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=66.2s	66.2	 Do you guys notice that every time we talk about something, somewhere between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=71.2s	71.2	 two months to a year later, The Wall Street Journal ends up writing a big think piece about it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=75.7s	75.7	 Think piece about it, yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=76.6s	76.6	 So I tweeted into the group chat, like last year, we all talked about Sequoia and distributing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=82.0s	82.0	 public equities and how it's very fraught and difficult. And then today, they write this big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=87.6s	87.6	 article about how people have just burned enormous amounts of billions of dollars that they could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=93.2s	93.2	 have returned to LPs, like these venture investors, by not distributing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=98.8s	98.8	 It makes sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=100.0s	100.0	 Three weeks ago, when we did our end of the year wrap up, my big winner for 2022 were the pot shops,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=106.4s	106.4	 right? Citadel. And today, in The Wall Street Journal, an article lands that these guys with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=112.7s	112.7	 56 billion of AUM over the last two years have made almost $45 billion of revenues. Isn't that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=120.5s	120.5	 incredible?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=121.7s	121.7	 And this is what happens, Chamath. Usually...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=125.3s	125.3	 These guys are just crushing it. And Citadel Securities did like almost $7.5 billion of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=130.4s	130.4	 revenue. I mean, it's unbelievable, these businesses, how good they are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=135.1s	135.1	 Yes. So let's get into... And this is typical. Chamath, if you think about journalists,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=139.5s	139.5	 they're trying to get into the conversations that are occurring at the bar after the event,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=143.8s	143.8	 the late night conversation, the group chats. Well, and that's what this podcast is. It's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=147.6s	147.6	 exposed back channel, right? And so if you listen to this pod, you got the back channel of Silicon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=152.6s	152.6	 Valley, politics, tech, science, et cetera. So let's do our predictions. In 2020, we said our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=159.4s	159.4	 biggest political winner would be... Sax and I both said DeSantis, Chamath said Xi Jinping,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=163.7s	163.7	 and Freiburg said Putin. Who do we think is our biggest political winner going forward?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=168.5s	168.5	 Who do you pick, Sax, biggest political winner for 2023? Who will be your biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=172.3s	172.3	 political winner for 2023? Well, I went a little bit outside the box here because I think we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=176.1s	176.1	 going to have gridlock in Washington, so I'm not expecting a ton to be coming out of Washington
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=180.7s	180.7	 over the next year. My pick for biggest political winner is Asian American college applicants.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=188.5s	188.5	 There are two Supreme Court decisions that the court heard on Halloween last year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=195.7s	195.7	 There was a lawsuit against Harvard and another lawsuit against UNC by a group called Students
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=202.4s	202.4	 for Fair Admissions, and that they maintained that Harvard and UNC violate Title VI of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=207.7s	207.7	 Civil Rights Act because Asian American applicants are far less likely to be admitted than similarly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=213.9s	213.9	 qualified applicants from other groups. And the federal courts in Boston and North Carolina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=220.0s	220.0	 rejected this argument, but the Supreme Court took up the cases. So they kind of went out of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=225.6s	225.6	 way to hear this. And I think that they are going to... They're going to repeal affirmative action.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=230.8s	230.8	 I think the majority will rule to strike down these policies that really discriminate against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=237.6s	237.6	 Asian Americans. And I think they're the last group in America where it seems to be okay to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=243.0s	243.0	 discriminate against. And I think the Supreme Court is going to find that unconstitutional.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=249.3s	249.3	 Trimoth, any thoughts there? You have brought this up multiple times on the podcast over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=252.4s	252.4	 last two years. I have said that this was unfortunately...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=255.9s	255.9	 Affirmative action, when it started, I think had very, very good intentions. And I still think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=262.0s	262.0	 that there's a place for it. The problem is that these very liberal institutions decided to play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=268.4s	268.4	 judge, jury, and executioner on which minorities counted in affirmative action. And that's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=276.2s	276.2	 what the intention was. The intention was to look at the establishment and their ability to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=283.2s	283.2	 their progeny into these incredible schools, even when they didn't deserve to be there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=289.2s	289.2	 And so I think this was always an issue of classism that was disguised as racism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=297.7s	297.7	 And people who are in the upper classes of society have always had an edge.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=302.1s	302.1	 You had the legacy admissions into Harvard. You had people, the Kushners, very famously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=307.3s	307.3	 right, like the $5 million check from the father that got the son into the school, all of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=311.5s	311.5	 stuff. It's been well written about. And whether or not those things are right isn't the point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=316.6s	316.6	 I think the point is that there are folks in emerging lower middle classes who have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=322.0s	322.0	 potential to crush, and those kids should have a chance. And you can't just decide who those kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=328.5s	328.5	 are based on the color of their skin. And in this case, what happened was some blacks were still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=334.3s	334.3	 allowed in, some Hispanics were allowed in, but Asian Americans broadly were discriminated. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=338.4s	338.4	 that was a really stupid outcome. You cannot punish kids for willing to work their ass off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=347.2s	347.2	 And I think that that was the unfortunate outcome of what affirmative action has become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=351.7s	351.7	 by 2022. So it is going to get repealed. The reason it's going to get repealed is that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=359.2s	359.2	 you know, we have case law that very clearly states that any institution that accepts federal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=364.4s	364.4	 funds cannot have any form of discrimination. And this is how these folks who have tried to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=370.0s	370.0	 repeal affirmative action have taken up this lawsuit. And hopefully the outcome is a more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=376.9s	376.9	 meritocratic system that also tries to create a plurality of different people from different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=382.7s	382.7	 backgrounds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=383.5s	383.5	 Freeberg, any thoughts? And if not, your biggest political winner for 2023?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=387.9s	387.9	 My biggest political winner for 2023 is MBS, Mohamed bin Salman. I think that Saudi Arabia will have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=402.3s	402.3	 the most important year in kind of the modern era in terms of their role. I don't know if you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=407.7s	407.7	 saw this Reuters report from a few weeks ago, but there's kind of a deepening discussion about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=415.0s	415.0	 the oil Yuan trade in that Saudi would sell oil to China and they would get paid in Yuan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=422.4s	422.4	 Saudi Arabia sits at the intersection of the United States, Russia, and China. They have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=426.8s	426.8	 relationships with all three nations. And in the kind of conflict and power struggle that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=433.1s	433.1	 underway, I think that ultimately the direction of where global currency kind of reserves will be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=441.5s	441.5	 taken and the importance of these great nations and who sits atop whom can actually be dictated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=449.0s	449.0	 and significantly influenced by MBS this year by some of the deals and trades he might put in place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=454.8s	454.8	 and the kind of partnerships he might forge. I think as a result, you will see him kind of rise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=462.9s	462.9	 in terms of influence, not in terms of, you know, hey, the world has accolades for this guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=467.8s	467.8	 But I think in terms of global influence, he will rocket ship to kind of the top because of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=473.7s	473.7	 this kind of jockeying he can now do between these three great nation states and defining,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=479.6s	479.6	 you know, what's going to happen with the US and what's going to happen with China and what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=482.1s	482.1	 going to happen with currency reserves. Great selection. I mean, the shitty thing, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=488.0s	488.0	 about your selection is that Biden, our explicit stance is unfortunately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=493.7s	493.7	 quite confrontational with MBS. And you saw that play out in Q4. We asked them to ease up on OPEC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=503.0s	503.0	 Plus to introduce supply cuts and they did some nominal 100,000 barrel per day cut. Didn't do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=514.8s	514.8	 much of anything. There was an article to your point, Freeberg just recently about Saudi really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=520.5s	520.5	 doubling down on getting the oil out of the ground and monetizing their petrochemicals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=526.0s	526.0	 So there's just going to be a glut of supply in the market. And we have the least amount of influence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=533.2s	533.2	 with Saudi Arabia than we've ever had. And it seems like we could change that if we decided to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=538.8s	538.8	 But I think Biden has taken this very confrontational approach, which doesn't seem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=542.9s	542.9	 to make a lot of sense. Their stated intent is to diversify away from oil and into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=549.3s	549.3	 technology and other kind of emerging growth economies. That's why they funded the Vision Fund.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=553.7s	553.7	 That's why MBS made that big kind of visit to Silicon Valley a few years ago. And there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=559.0s	559.0	 technology that they want to import into Saudi Arabia and they want to have ownership in around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=562.9s	562.9	 the world. And if the US is creating a barrier for them to import US tech into Saudi or for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=567.6s	567.6	 Saudi to kind of invest in the US, but China and Russia have open arms and all they want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=572.7s	572.7	 is for Saudi to start doing trades in Yuan, it's going to happen. And I think that's where this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=577.4s	577.4	 has kind of a real opportunity to shift the global economic dynamic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=581.0s	581.0	 Say what you will about Trump. He had open dialogue with North Korea, China, Russia, MBS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=589.0s	589.0	 Keep your enemies close. Sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=591.0s	591.0	 You want to be able to talk to anybody and he was able to talk to anybody. Now you also want to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=595.9s	595.9	 able to say, hey, listen, you can't dismember a journalist like Khashoggi and you need to be able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=600.0s	600.0	 to have both of those ideas in your head. You can't be rigid in foreign policy. You have to be fluid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=604.2s	604.2	 and keep people at the table talking. Chamath, who is your big political, who do you predict
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=608.4s	608.4	 will be the big political winner of 2023? Chamath's prediction, everybody go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=612.1s	612.1	 I really like spread trades, right? Where you go long something and short another. So I'd like to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=617.6s	617.6	 pair my biggest political winner with my biggest political loser for 2023. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=621.7s	621.7	 And I am going to focus on the Republican nomination and I am going to go long. Nikki Haley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=629.2s	629.2	 and I'm going to go short Ron DeSantis. Now let me explain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=633.3s	633.3	 Whoa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=634.4s	634.4	 Hmm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=635.2s	635.2	 Sax, if you're not watching Sax right now, he is ready to interject. Go Chamath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=641.5s	641.5	 So I think that all of this nonsense, for example, in the house speaker race, all of the midterm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=648.4s	648.4	 results, what it really speaks to are as people are getting exhausted with the lunatic fringes of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=655.2s	655.2	 both parties. That's point number one. And point, so that favors moderates as an emergent class.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=662.4s	662.4	 And point number two is that if you look back through many, many cycles of Republican and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=667.5s	667.5	 Democratic nominations, it is a very negative thing to be in the lead so early going into the Iowa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=674.8s	674.8	 caucuses in January. And so if you put those two things together, the risk is that DeSantis Decade,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=682.2s	682.2	 things emerge, people attack him because he's the clear front runner. And the opportunity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=687.2s	687.2	 just like it was for Trump in 16 or for Clinton or for George Bush,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=694.0s	694.0	 not Herbert Walker, but you know, W is to emerge from the back. And so if I think about a moderate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=700.3s	700.3	 person who can emerge from the back, who can consolidate the ranks, they should probably be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=706.6s	706.6	 from the south. They will have a lot of these purple compromises that Sachs mentioned in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=712.7s	712.7	 policy program. And they will have a history of winning and a history of normalcy. And so I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=722.4s	722.4	 that of all of the places where you could ever elect a woman as president of the United States,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=726.9s	726.9	 I think it will come from the Republicans before it comes from the Democrats. I mean, the Democrats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=731.8s	731.8	 are unfortunately increasingly judgmental. And I think it's very difficult for a woman to emerge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=737.5s	737.5	 there. But I do think that Nikki Haley has a shot. So I'm going to go long Nikki Haley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=742.0s	742.0	 and I'm going to short Ron DeSantis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=744.1s	744.1	 Okay, I like it. A spread trade for his prediction. Well done before Sachs you interject,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=749.3s	749.3	 let me just do mine and because then you'll have to interject too. I was looking at Biden and Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=755.3s	755.3	 and thinking, hmm, which one of these is going to have the big win in the U.S. and the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=759.9s	759.9	 States, which one of these is going to have the big win in 2020. So the two biggest, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=764.4s	764.4	 players, I have a prediction for Trump. I think he's going to lose 50 pounds on the ozempic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=770.1s	770.1	 Everybody loves a weight loss story. I think he is going to be indicted by Garland.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=775.6s	775.6	 Is he on? Wait a minute, sorry. He's on ozempic?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=778.0s	778.0	 No, I'm predicting an ozempic run, and he's going to drop 40, 50 pounds. Then we're going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=784.0s	784.0	 a schveldt, Trump get indicted by Garland and the debates and the rigmarole with DeSantis. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=792.4s	792.4	 he's going to go after DeSantis based on weight and height. And then he's going to win the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=798.2s	798.2	 nomination in 24. And we're going to have Trump versus Biden. But this is a crazy prediction here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=804.5s	804.5	 I think we're going to have a settlement. I think he's going to agree to not run and get the pardon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=811.4s	811.4	 This is a crazy prediction, I know. But I think he loses the weight. He wins the nom. He gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=817.7s	817.7	 indicted. And then he gets the Richard Nixon pardon, global pardon for all of the shit he's done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=825.5s	825.5	 Sax, you can reply now to these two crazy predictions. Spread your right of mind.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=830.0s	830.0	 I mean, this is like proof positive that everything you have to say about Trump is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=834.0s	834.0	 an act of projection. Go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=835.7s	835.7	 I mean, like a zempik? I mean, are you talking about yourself or Trump?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=842.9s	842.9	 Strike. Boom. Tell us your zempik story, Jay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=846.1s	846.1	 I do. The Portmite Weight Loss Journey has been ozempik and super good. Yes, both of those things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=849.6s	849.6	 and fasting. Have you saxed on any ozempik? Yeah, I've tried it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=853.6s	853.6	 Yeah. I think everybody should be looking into this if you have weight issues. It's a great new.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=859.0s	859.0	 I would say it even more broadly. I've been reading a lot about these GLP ones. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=862.7s	862.7	 got to tell you, statins are a clear wonder drug. I think the 50-year longitudinal data on its
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=870.2s	870.2	 value is pretty unimpeachable. Metformin, even taken prophylactically, has shown incredible benefits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=879.1s	879.1	 for cell regeneration, longevity, and glucose management. And the reality is, let's just take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=885.2s	885.2	 a step back. The American diet, we're all pre-diabetic. So let's just not beat around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=890.5s	890.5	 the bush. The way that Americans eat and our food supply, and also probably in Western Europe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=895.2s	895.2	 is pre-diabetic by definition. It's shit. It's trash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=900.6s	900.6	 So metformin makes a lot of sense. And again, its longitudinal data is incredible. But I got to tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=904.8s	904.8	 you, the early data on these GLP ones are unbelievable. It's extraordinary. And I can tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=911.8s	911.8	 you from first-hand experience, I would lose half a pound a week when I would diet. No, but what I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=916.6s	916.6	 saying is just it's beyond that. What I'm talking about is insulin response, it's cardiac health.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=922.4s	922.4	 And so if this data tracks like this, man, you're just going to want to put everybody on these GLP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=926.7s	926.7	 Well, I just want to also put a disclaimer here. Do your own research, work with your doctors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=929.7s	929.7	 whether it's for metformin or azempic. But I had great results on it. I recommend if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=934.8s	934.8	 struggling with weight loss, like I did for many years, you talk to your doctor about it. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=938.5s	938.5	 it. It's not a commercial for a Wigovia or azempic, but I do think these things are going to change the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=941.6s	941.6	 world. Or Mujara. Well, and they're getting better. And it seems like people with diabetes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=946.1s	946.1	 are on them for life. So if your question is like, if I could do this for a year to lose weight,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=950.3s	950.3	 you know, I think diabetics are on it for life. So when I made my decision again, work with your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=953.7s	953.7	 doctors, not random podcast or venture capitalists for your health advice. I was like, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=960.2s	960.2	 all of these people who have diabetes are going to on it for years. Unless it's non-toxic, go get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=964.3s	964.3	 pre-nuvo scan. Just make sure you got no hiding chances. Absolutely. All right, so there you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=967.9s	967.9	 it. Those are our predictions. Sacks, did you want to respond to any of those? I want the Sacks to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=972.8s	972.8	 react to my spread trading. Yeah. So look, I think, you know, if you're going on a betting site,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=977.5s	977.5	 I think that you could place that bet that Chamath made pretty cheaply and probably it's like has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=982.7s	982.7	 some good upside to it. So I don't criticize it as a bet. Do I think it's actually going to happen?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=987.3s	987.3	 No. And I think the reason is this, that if you look at what's happening right now with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=992.0s	992.0	 speaker's race, there's two very clear wings in the Republican party. There's the establishment wing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=997.4s	997.4	 and then there's kind of this populist MAGA wing. And the candidate, whoever it is in 24,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1003.1s	1003.1	 needs to unite those two wings. And I think this is really the best argument for DeSantis is he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1008.1s	1008.1	 widely accepted by both. I think Nikki Haley's problem is that she's very well regarded within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1012.8s	1012.8	 the establishment wing of the Republican party, but she has no meaningful support within the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1017.9s	1017.9	 populist wing. And so I don't think she's capable of bringing the party together, at least at this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1022.8s	1022.8	 point in time. She would have to prove, let's call it populist bonafide that she just doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1027.9s	1027.9	 have right now. So this is why I think DeSantis, he does have front runner risks. You're right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1033.8s	1033.8	 that people are going to keep taking shots of him as long as he's the front runner. But he's capable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1039.9s	1039.9	 of uniting the party in a way that it desperately needs right now, as we're seeing with the Kevin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1044.4s	1044.4	 McCarthy thing playing out. Yeah. Okay. Let's go for our biggest losers. We'll rip through this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1049.7s	1049.7	 Last year, I said Biden and Trump in the extremes. Chamath said the progressive left,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1054.4s	1054.4	 again, the extremes. Sachs said Pelosi, who just wrapped up her tenure, and Freiburg said US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1060.0s	1060.0	 influence globally was the biggest political loser. Let's get our predictions for the biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1067.3s	1067.3	 political loser of 2023. Freiburg, who do you think will be the biggest political loser of 2023?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1073.4s	1073.4	 The world wants to know, Freiburg. I would continue my US influence, but I am going to shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1078.2s	1078.2	 to the next one. Here's what I think is going to happen this year. My big prediction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1084.4s	1084.4	 is based on, I think the world has too much debt. I think that the economic slowdown coupled with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1090.2s	1090.2	 rising interest rates globally and a dearth of asset capital inflows means that there's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1096.7s	1096.7	 to be a lot of issues with the number of debt markets around the world, particularly emerging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1100.8s	1100.8	 sovereign debt. Just to give you guys a sense, global debt is about $235 trillion in public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1107.2s	1107.2	 and private. That's somewhere between $5 and $15 trillion of interest payments a year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1111.9s	1111.9	 depending on what the net rate is on $96 trillion global GDP. There's another trillion and a half
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1117.6s	1117.6	 of unfunded liabilities in the US in pensions and social security and all this other stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1121.6s	1121.6	 I think this is the year where a lot of the debt markets start to unravel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1125.9s	1125.9	 Is this a business loser? Or a political loser?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1129.5s	1129.5	 I'm going to tell it in one second. This is the political ramifications. The political ramifications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1134.2s	1134.2	 for me, I think that the entity that steps in to try and support these unwinding moments is the IMF.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1141.6s	1141.6	 And I think that no matter what the IMF does, they're going to look bad. I think that it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1145.7s	1145.7	 sort of like Jerome Powell this past year. You raised rates too late, you raised rates too quickly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1151.8s	1151.8	 No matter what you do, it has some adverse effect and impact. It's either inflationary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1156.3s	1156.3	 or it impacts growth. I think the IMF is going to get a lot of heat for either acting not too soon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1164.5s	1164.5	 sorry, not fast enough or acting too aggressively and causing inflation as a bunch of these markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1170.4s	1170.4	 face credit risk this year. So my big bet is the IMF is going to play a major role and we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1175.4s	1175.4	 to be talking a lot about the IMF later this year. I think as a result, the IMF will get a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1180.0s	1180.0	 heat and you'll end up seeing a lot of pressure and political... Just like we blame NATO, just like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1184.8s	1184.8	 we blame Jerome Powell and the Fed, we'll end up blaming the IMF for a bunch of problems that'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1189.6s	1189.6	 arise. But the natural physics of what's going on is the world has too much debt and not enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1194.7s	1194.7	 growth to cover the cost of debt. That's it. And the IMF will be the political hit that'll result.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1205.3s	1205.3	 And who do you have as your biggest political loser prediction for 2023, Mr. David Sacks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1211.7s	1211.7	 Well, I mean, Kevin McCarthy may not survive the week, so let me go in a different direction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1215.9s	1215.9	 I think California is my big political loser. And I would say in particular, the city of San
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1222.3s	1222.3	 Francisco, both are going to have gigantic budget shortfalls. You may remember that this is back in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1228.7s	1228.7	 2021 when we had that asset bubble, California had a surplus of 76 billion. And then... Insane.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1237.4s	1237.4	 And then 2022 happened and now the state is looking at a $24 billion deficit. Well, if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1244.2s	1244.2	 had taken, say, a third of that surplus from 21 and put it in a rainy day fund, we wouldn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1249.9s	1249.9	 to worry about this deficit, but that was never done. Newsom started handing that money out like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1255.1s	1255.1	 candy to the electorate, to goose his reelect numbers and to get him past that recall, remember?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1263.3s	1263.3	 So the state never got a fiscal outlook in order. And now I think it's going to be even worse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1268.8s	1268.8	 in 2023. And San Francisco, the city, very similar kind of problem where its tax base is heavily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1276.4s	1276.4	 dependent on commercial real estate, which is really suffering. So the city of San Francisco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1280.7s	1280.7	 and the state of California, they've moved their tax base to highly volatile capital gains. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1287.4s	1287.4	 with a really lousy stock market, I don't know how these guys are going to meet their budgets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1291.6s	1291.6	 So a lot of pain coming. It's going to be a lot of austerity and pain coming, that's for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1295.4s	1295.4	 And these people do not know how to manage a budget. They're incompetent. So you say California,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1300.8s	1300.8	 Freiburg says IMF, Chamath, who do you think the biggest political loser for 2023 will be?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1305.3s	1305.3	 Already gave it to you, DeSantis, right? Remember, as part of this picture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1307.4s	1307.4	 Okay. And I'm in alignment with you. I think DeSantis peaked a little too early and the Forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1312.0s	1312.0	 Trumpers in the chaos is going to be a little too much for him to handle. Okay. Now we get into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1318.6s	1318.6	 what everybody wants, business, business, business, biggest business winner for 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1324.0s	1324.0	 Who do you have Chamath for your biggest business winner of 2023?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1327.2s	1327.2	 I'm going to pick something out of my portfolio. I think I'm the only non-trivially large investor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1334.3s	1334.3	 in both SpaceX and Relativity Space. Relativity Space has a huge, SpaceX is clearly just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1342.8s	1342.8	 crushing on all cylinders. And they're really the only game in town with respect to launch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1349.0s	1349.0	 capability. And if you just Google it, you'll see that the Europeans, you know, have a hit or miss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1356.7s	1356.7	 capability on launch. The Russians are completely unable to do launch now because of all of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1361.9s	1361.9	 sanctions. The private companies in New Zealand or the United States have also had fits and starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1368.4s	1368.4	 really incapable. Relativity, which is really, which is now the second most highly valued
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1376.0s	1376.0	 space business, is about to do a launch in the third week of January. And the big difference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1384.7s	1384.7	 between it and SpaceX, which is sort of why we did it. This is a early YC company. I did the series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1390.6s	1390.6	 A and kind of went along the whole way. They have 3D printed everything. And the reason why 3D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1395.7s	1395.7	 printing is interesting is you take a, so if you, if you think a rocket costs $5 billion, it built
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1403.0s	1403.0	 by NASA, Elon was able to take that to 100 to 500 million. And if you 3D print everything,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1410.4s	1410.4	 you can take that cost to like 5 to 50 million. And so it allows you to just have this repeatability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1415.4s	1415.4	 and manufacturability. Now SpaceX also has a lot of 3D printed parts, but Relativity is entirely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1420.3s	1420.3	 3D printed. It has a launch in three weeks at Cape Canaveral, I think. And we have like a $10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1431.0s	1431.0	 billion order book that gets unlocked. So I don't know how to see beyond a lot of these market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1436.8s	1436.8	 forecasts right now. So I'd rather pick a company. I'll pick something in my portfolio. If the rocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1441.6s	1441.6	 does not blow up, there's a $10 billion order book. And this company is now on a trajectory to be as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1449.3s	1449.3	 valued as SpaceX. And if it doesn't-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1451.1s	1451.1	 Talking his book times two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1452.9s	1452.9	 And if it doesn't, it goes to zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1454.9s	1454.9	 Freeberg, go ahead and talk your book times two or three. Let's see if you can one-up your mouth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1460.4s	1460.4	 Which one of your investments will be the biggest business winner of 2023? Freeberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1465.1s	1465.1	 I'm not an investor. My big bet is OpenAI. It's just way too obvious to be anything else this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1469.8s	1469.8	 As you guys know, there are dozens of startups that are being started right now based on an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1474.0s	1474.0	 OpenAI demonstration of Dolly and Chachi PT. I think we're seeing this in the enterprise and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1479.2s	1479.2	 consumer markets. I think OpenAI will become to some degree, maybe they could be, there's many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1484.4s	1484.4	 paths they could take. The AWS providing tooling and infrastructure to all these startups that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1488.3s	1488.3	 building applications for consumers and business users. Or they will end up doing a massive deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1493.8s	1493.8	 with Microsoft. I think it's inevitable they're going to get a billion dollar plus investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1496.8s	1496.8	 this year. They could power AI driven Bing search and voice driven search. They could build their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1503.5s	1503.5	 own products and their own tools and they're becoming great investors. They invested in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1506.9s	1506.9	 Descript, which is a product company we use here for our podcast, which is an incredible product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1512.3s	1512.3	 And I think that Sam Altman is a very smart and intrude investor as well. So for a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1516.5s	1516.5	 reasons, I think OpenAI could end up having an amazing year this year and a lot of different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1521.1s	1521.1	 paths they could walk. And we're going to come out of this year and say they're one of the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1523.8s	1523.8	 tech companies in the Valley. Okay. Saks OpenAI has of course increased your ability to talk to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1531.2s	1531.2	 other humans. So you're seeing a lot of big wins there I know. How do I talk to a child about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1541.7s	1541.7	 their college hopes and aspirations? No, no, no. How do I talk to a child about their day?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1549.1s	1549.1	 Hello. Hello. Hello progeny of mine. How are you faring today in this complicated?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1556.8s	1556.8	 Write me a script of talking to a 12 year old about their hopes and dreams.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1562.2s	1562.2	 That's interesting. Using GPT for talking points on different topics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1566.0s	1566.0	 We should try that for the pod, you know? Oh, okay. Here we go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1569.1s	1569.1	 We should have done the GPT predictions. That would have been great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1572.3s	1572.3	 The answer for each of these categories. Saks as a person on the spectrum, yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1577.7s	1577.7	 how delightful is this chat GPT and your treatment of your condition?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1583.4s	1583.4	 That's great. Let me get to my answer here. So my answer for the big business winner of the year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1589.7s	1589.7	 is America's natural gas industry. And I have to admit, this is an aspect of the Ukraine war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1596.0s	1596.0	 that I didn't fully appreciate until I read this New York Times article the other day about how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1602.0s	1602.0	 natural gas prices in Europe have now fallen to the level they're at before the war. And everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1607.8s	1607.8	 thought that there'd be this huge shortage and they wouldn't be able to heat their homes. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1612.1s	1612.1	 what happened? The answer is that Europe completely cut off their dependence on Russian gas. And in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1619.4s	1619.4	 fact, the Nord Stream pipelines were blown up. So physically, they separated. But then on top of it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1627.9s	1627.9	 they basically started importing liquefied natural gas from the US. And here's the key paragraph in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1633.2s	1633.2	 this article from the New York Times is that Europe rapidly built terminals to receive liquefied gas,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1639.6s	1639.6	 sweeping away many of the usual bureaucratic obstacles and environmental objections. So in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1645.2s	1645.2	 other words, what normally would have taken decades to get approvals now was all put on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1650.9s	1650.9	 fast track. And Europe is now completely dependent on American natural gas. And I think this is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1659.5s	1659.5	 again, the thing maybe I underestimated, the cold hard American interest in this war is to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1665.6s	1665.6	 turn Europe into a vassal of America's natural gas industry. Previously, they were about to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1672.4s	1672.4	 dependent on Russia and Nord Stream was going to make that situation permanent. Somebody blew up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1678.5s	1678.5	 Nord Stream. Now they're dependent on American LNG. They're going to pay higher prices for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1683.7s	1683.7	 But it's been a pretty impressive win for the American natural gas industry. And I think Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1690.3s	1690.3	 has really pulled a 180 here because you remember when he first came into office,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1694.7s	1694.7	 he canceled Keystone, he canceled drilling. He was very tough on the oil and gas industry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1699.7s	1699.7	 I think after he then delivered the hundreds of billions for the climate special interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1705.4s	1705.4	 in the Inflation Reduction Act, now he is taking care of the oil and gas industry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1709.6s	1709.6	 I love it. Here we go. Nat gas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1712.0s	1712.0	 Yeah. And so what you're saying is Biden dynamically changed course based on inputs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1717.3s	1717.3	 like a great leader would. Okay. Well done, Zach.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1719.9s	1719.9	 Well, I don't know. Listen, I don't know if this-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1722.5s	1722.5	 Well, no. Listen, I think Biden has done something politically smart here. There's no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1726.4s	1726.4	 question about it. I am giving him credit. Does it mean that this war was worth it? No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1730.8s	1730.8	 I don't think we should be engaging in oil wars like we did in the Middle East.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1736.1s	1736.1	 So I'm not justifying this war, but I am saying that there is a cold hard American interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1741.6s	1741.6	 undergirding our position, which is it's about LNG. It's not just about moral platitudes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1748.9s	1748.9	 Strong start to 2023, vassal and undergirding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1752.0s	1752.0	 My biggest predictions, I'm working backwards from two here. I think the DoorDash is Airbnb's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1759.1s	1759.1	 Uber's, Etsy's of the world who need entrepreneurs. They need workers. They need supply. They've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1764.3s	1764.3	 always been supply constrained. As unemployment becomes, let's call it what it is, sticky.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1770.4s	1770.4	 You're going to see a lot more people participating in gig platforms or entrepreneurial platforms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1774.2s	1774.2	 that enable them to make money. So I think they will be huge beneficiaries, especially if they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1778.0s	1778.0	 continue to lay off employees like DoorDash and Airbnb did to right size their businesses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1782.5s	1782.5	 But my first one, my number one is laid off tech workers. I think laid off tech workers who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1791.5s	1791.5	 get together in groups of two, three or four developers, product managers, people who actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1796.1s	1796.1	 build stuff and start companies together are going to become extremely successful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1801.7s	1801.7	 And they're going to make incredible lemonade from these lemons of these big tech layoffs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1806.9s	1806.9	 So I think the startup space is going to, and these laid off tech workers who choose to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1810.6s	1810.6	 control of the destiny and starts companies are going to be the true big winners. If you do it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1815.0s	1815.0	 do it with two or three friends because you're going to need developers. You're going to need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1819.0s	1819.0	 those talented people in the startups that have three founders get funded faster than the ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1823.9s	1823.9	 with one. So those are my two winners. All right. Oh yeah. And last year, our biggest business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1828.8s	1828.8	 winners were Chamath said SMB, Sachs said Rise of the Rest, Freiburg said Stripe, and I said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1833.3s	1833.3	 Disney millennials and Gen Z. Let's go on to biggest business loser for 2023. Freiburg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1839.7s	1839.7	 who do you think will be the biggest business loser in 23 this year? In fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1843.9s	1843.9	 Okay. So my biggest loser is the general category of capital intensive series B through D growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1850.0s	1850.0	 businesses in the startup landscape, private companies. As you guys know, there's been a big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1855.3s	1855.3	 shift in capital allocation. A lot of the folks who were writing big checks into growth rounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1862.5s	1862.5	 are retreating back to writing smaller checks and seed and a rounds. They don't want to write the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1866.6s	1866.6	 $20 million series B. They want to write the $5 million seed and a round. No one wants to kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1872.0s	1872.0	 of follow the valuation. No one wants to set the valuation for these growth businesses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1876.0s	1876.0	 particularly if after this round, you know, you need another big round of capital and no one's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1880.7s	1880.7	 sure if someone's going to be waiting on the other end. As a result, we're seeing tons of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1884.5s	1884.5	 businesses run into capital confusion walls. They can't pivot. I think we'll see what we saw in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1890.5s	1890.5	 dot com bubble, where 99 and a half percent of these companies actually die. The half percent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1895.3s	1895.3	 that we are going to emerge as the next hundred billion dollar enterprises, the Googles and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1898.7s	1898.7	 Amazons of the world. So there will be light at the end of the tunnel for the winners. But generally,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1902.8s	1902.8	 there are hundreds of companies in hardware, in CINBio, in biotech and high growth enterprise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1908.9s	1908.9	 software that require significant sales investment expense. A lot of these businesses where the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1913.4s	1913.4	 capital intensive nature of the business just doesn't have the market for it right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1918.8s	1918.8	 And investors are all retreating and they're going to be selective. So that's where I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1923.1s	1923.1	 there's going to be more capital intensive. By the way, seed seed and a investing hot as a button.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1928.9s	1928.9	 Beep. That's what that's it. Okay. Saks biggest business loser for 2023. Well, I just, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1936.4s	1936.4	 100% agree with what Freeberg said, but my biggest loser for business in 23 is the consumer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1942.4s	1942.4	 I just don't understand how the consumer isn't going to finally tap out in this economy. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1948.4s	1948.4	 they have a mountain of personal debt, credit card debts at all time highs. I think the average
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1953.5s	1953.5	 credit card rate hit 19.6% last week and is expected to rise even further. The mortgage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1960.9s	1960.9	 rates are about 7% now. So forget about trying to buy a new home or sell your home and your stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1967.2s	1967.2	 portfolios down too. And now layoffs are starting to pile up. So I just don't understand how we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1971.6s	1971.6	 going to avoid a recession. And you saw, you know, Kashkari saying that the fed's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1976.7s	1976.7	 keep raising 5.4% is prediction. You know, I don't understand how if rates are at five and a half
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1982.7s	1982.7	 percent, that doesn't finally break the back of this economy. And we go into recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1987.6s	1987.6	 Do you think Saks that the economy is actually broken right now? We just don't have the data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1991.9s	1991.9	 because the data lag 60 days in most people's minds. Cause it does feel like the consumer is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=1996.2s	1996.2	 just, and real estate has just broken at this very moment. It seems like it. I mean, the pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2000.4s	2000.4	 is very unequal, right? But in the tech industry, we've been in a recession for a year. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2005.2s	2005.2	 like the growth stocks are down 80%. What Freeberg said is true. No one's going to fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2009.7s	2009.7	 these, you know, high burning companies. There's an enormous amount of retooling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2013.0s	2013.0	 that has to happen. Look, I think the recession is here. It's just very unequally distributed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2018.4s	2018.4	 Distributed. Exactly. Yeah. Well, I mean, if you look at it, buy now, pay later. That's the category
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2024.0s	2024.0	 starting to break credit card debt, as you're saying, hitting, you know, a big,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2030.4s	2030.4	 a bad records in terms of how much we love spending. Also people's savings are going down. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2036.4s	2036.4	 consumer's back has been broken. I think we're just going to feel it in the, in the first and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2039.9s	2039.9	 second quarter Chamath. Who's your biggest business loser prediction for 2023? The world wants to know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2045.2s	2045.2	 Let me just build on what Freeberg and Saks said for a second before I give you my pick.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2049.7s	2049.7	 Sure. This is the conversation you and I had when we just got on guys. What I was telling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2053.9s	2053.9	 J Cal is at the end of Q4, I did five deals and four were pro radars. One was a new deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2062.7s	2062.7	 and they were all clean markups. So the four deals that other people put money into.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2070.4s	2070.4	 And I was looking at them and I was trying to figure out, okay, what differentiates these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2073.6s	2073.6	 things and free birth to your point, these were super clean startups with very clean cap tables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2078.3s	2078.3	 that had clear progress. And then conversely, I had seven converts showed to me for companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2085.7s	2085.7	 whose valuations were anywhere between three and I would say 12 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2090.8s	2090.8	 And I did none of them. And not only did I do none of them, nobody else did any of them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2096.8s	2096.8	 And the problem was the real market clearing price was 80 to 90% down. And so I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2103.6s	2103.6	 what is going on here? So free birth to your point, I don't even think it's just cash intensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2107.9s	2107.9	 startups. I think it's like all growth companies are in a really bad place. I thought that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2113.1s	2113.1	 growth stuff would get sorted out in two to three months. And now I'm worried it's two to three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2116.6s	2116.6	 years. I think it's toxic. Here's the definition Chamath. What I think has happened and where I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2123.6s	2123.6	 think the cutoff is, is when the value eight, the implied market valuation of the company based on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2128.4s	2128.4	 where public comps are trading is less than the total capital preference in the company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2132.7s	2132.7	 the total preferred stock. Wow. So many companies now that raised 400 million or two billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2137.2s	2137.2	 valuation, but the company is actually worth 300 million now based on public market comps.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2142.4s	2142.4	 So they're worth less than their preference stack. So how do you sort of pay capital?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2147.6s	2147.6	 No, that this is why I think all these converts are getting done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2151.0s	2151.0	 That's where the rubber meets the road on all these deals. Yeah, that's right. Who does the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2154.4s	2154.4	 convert benefit the convert benefits, the VCs who want to maintain the illusory valuation that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2163.2s	2163.2	 had before they do that. They do that to assuage the limited partner who gave them money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2170.2s	2170.2	 that the marks aren't as bad as they thought. But the people that really get screwed, as Jason said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2175.7s	2175.7	 are the common shareholders because eventually those converts deals that do get done,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2181.1s	2181.1	 those people will end up owning the company. The cap table gets completely flushed and reset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2186.1s	2186.1	 and the employees get wiped out. Yeah. And then you got to basically take all the employees who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2190.8s	2190.8	 were there previously who now hate the founder and you got to start over and give everybody all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2195.6s	2195.6	 the, yeah, they're wiped. The people that do all the work get fucked and the people that do none
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2199.0s	2199.0	 of the work and who just want to maintain this shell game gets to basically live another day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2204.2s	2204.2	 Basically people are investing as you gave in the example earlier, like, hey, if it's a $3 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2208.5s	2208.5	 company, but it's actually worth 750 people instead of taking the valuation from 3 billion to 750,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2213.4s	2213.4	 we'll say, okay, buy one share at the $3 billion price and we'll give you three or four shares for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2218.0s	2218.0	 free or for a penny warrants they're called typically, or just different ways to structure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2222.4s	2222.4	 this. And then all of a sudden, nobody knows the actual denominator. They may own them 10,000 shares,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2228.2s	2228.2	 but they don't know how many shares are actually issued because the warrants are not on the cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2231.6s	2231.6	 table. They're in some side document in a folder in a lawyer or CFO's office.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2235.1s	2235.1	 So let me tell you my biggest business loser. Yes, please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2239.6s	2239.6	 I think that the biggest potential business loser this year is Google search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2246.4s	2246.4	 as measured by your profitability and engagement. I think it's easier for me to see where the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2257.9s	2257.9	 usage comes from, as opposed to picking open AI or chat GPT in terms of where the usage goes to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2264.3s	2264.3	 And the reason is because I think a lot of people don't still fully understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2268.5s	2268.5	 how machine learning and AI work, but just 30 second primer, there's two big buckets of work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2274.9s	2274.9	 There is what's called learning, which is how you learn how to make predictions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2279.7s	2279.7	 And then there's what's called inference, which is when you actually type something into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2282.8s	2282.8	 search box, you get the answer. The thing with learning and what chat GPT is showing is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2289.7s	2289.7	 they have learned by crawling the entirety of the web. There are five or six other organizations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2295.4s	2295.4	 that are capable of crawling the entire web in terms of cost, in terms of compute, in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2301.0s	2301.0	 the quality of the transformers and the quality of the AI. And so I find it easier to predict
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2309.7s	2309.7	 the decay in the quality of Google search as that much better than everybody else than I find it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2315.5s	2315.5	 to predict who will win because I think that with enough time and money, Oracle, Microsoft, Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2322.9s	2322.9	 the Chinese internet companies can all compete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2326.4s	2326.4	 with Facebook. And so I think that you'll converge on the same training, which will lead to the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2332.8s	2332.8	 inference. And so I think consumers end up getting confused and we'll end up being able to get high
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2336.9s	2336.9	 quality search results from many places versus today. You know, you would only think that Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2342.4s	2342.4	 is the only game in town, quite honestly, for most people. Well, I think that's statistics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2346.7s	2346.7	 You know, Google could lose 10 or 15% of usage to all these other sites. And that may not make any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2353.6s	2353.6	 of those sites that relevant, but it'll have a material measurable impact to Google and Google.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2358.4s	2358.4	 Fantastic prediction. And I think, you know, chat, CPT, or these other ones are going to have a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2363.3s	2363.3	 interesting marketing attack that they can do on Google is why search when you can get an answer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2369.2s	2369.2	 right? Hey, we'll just give you the answer. You don't have to search. I had so many losers that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2373.3s	2373.3	 I went through here. I'm just going to run backwards through them. Number five, I thought founders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2377.3s	2377.3	 refused to downsize in 2022 could be big losers in 2023. How do you get to have five in the rest of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2381.9s	2381.9	 us? I'm just telling you my thought process. I just want to add a long hair. Your thought process.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2387.0s	2387.0	 I thought VC funds founded in 2020. Then I thought crypto because Gary Gensler says it's all stock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2391.7s	2391.7	 Then I went with you. Chamath number four, Google. My God, they got so many headwinds against them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2396.2s	2396.2	 with the chat. GPT. But I wound up on white collar workers with no hard skills. Twitter going down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2404.0s	2404.0	 to I think, you know, Elon said a couple of hundred people is all you need to run Twitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2407.6s	2407.6	 And I think he said he has 2000 employees or something like that. He has shown everybody,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2412.1s	2412.1	 hey, listen, the more can be done with less or these things are overstaffed in a massive way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2417.6s	2417.6	 I think white collar workers now, the idea that you're going to have four offers and you're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2421.4s	2421.4	 to be able to play them off each other is over when we tape the show. Sure. White collar workers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2428.2s	2428.2	 aka surplus elites, people who actually are mid managers who don't actually code or don't actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2434.4s	2434.4	 build a product or sell a product, don't actually do real work. As I think many people would frame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2440.0s	2440.0	 it in the manager class or the CEO class, man, they're going to have a hard time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2445.2s	2445.2	 And this week, Andy, Amazon Andy cut 18,000 white collar workers, not the blue collar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2450.7s	2450.7	 the white collar workers in Amazon. That was a big turning point. And Benny off, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2455.6s	2455.6	 he's Ohana. He is Mahalo. He is Aloha. He does not like to lay people off. He considers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2461.6s	2461.6	 Salesforce or family. He laid off 8,000. I predicted that. Yeah. And I mean, that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2467.2s	2467.2	 a tweet about that. Well, I mean, the reason is pretty simple, right? Their growth slowed down by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2470.9s	2470.9	 two thirds of the most recent quarter, but they're still spending the same amount on sales and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2474.4s	2474.4	 marketing. So when that happens, your CAC payback explodes, right? You go from three years payback
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2480.5s	2480.5	 to like 10 years. So they have to cut costs in order to rationalize your union economics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2485.6s	2485.6	 So, and now it cascades, right? Because all of Salesforce's vendors are going to be getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2491.6s	2491.6	 less money from Salesforce because they're tightening their belts. So then those companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2496.0s	2496.0	 are going to have to cut and the cycle just keeps going and going. Right. And everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2501.0s	2501.0	 tightens their belts at the same time, freezes the economy, AKA recession and possibly were.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2506.8s	2506.8	 So that mine was a surplus elite. So that's a nice little quartet in 2022. Just so you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2512.3s	2512.3	 I picked crypto. Freeberg also picked crypto. Chamath said Visa MasterCard and Sac said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2516.8s	2516.8	 assets classes that benefit from government dumps and pumps. Yeah. All right. Let's go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2524.1s	2524.1	 biggest business deal of 2023. It's a prediction. What do we think could be the biggest business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2527.8s	2527.8	 deal? Easy, easy. This one is easy. Okay. Chamath go, let's go lightning round here. Go ahead,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2531.1s	2531.1	 Chamath quickly. Starlink will go public. Oh, SpaceX will cut and paste the cap table
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2536.8s	2536.8	 and we will take that yum. It'll be yummy and delicious. And my prediction is that the Starlink
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2543.3s	2543.3	 valuation will be at least half of SpaceX's current private market. 75 billion, just for Starlink.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2550.2s	2550.2	 It will be phenomenal. And I think the reason why is that I think in order for Elon to have complete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2557.5s	2557.5	 financial flexibility and do what he needs to do. And, you know, he talked about this on our pod,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2561.6s	2561.6	 about the difficulties and the dangers of margin loans and all of that stuff. Yes. He's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2566.4s	2566.4	 create breathing room for himself. Ah, this is the simplest and most obvious way for him to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2571.7s	2571.7	 It'll give him a ton of more dry powder. Sure. So I think that this is an obvious outcome in 2020.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2579.6s	2579.6	 They already have a million subscribers in there, better than nothing beta as they call it. I have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2583.6s	2583.6	 two of them. I think this is a great, great prediction. I was the first one to get it for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2590.1s	2590.1	 the global 7,500. So, I can tell you. Okay. I got it for, yeah, TaHa. So, yeah, similar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2598.4s	2598.4	 My plane in your house is the same size. Yeah, exactly. So there you go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2602.4s	2602.4	 There is a point here. People are underestimating the TAM, I think, of this product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2606.8s	2606.8	 The TAM is not existing broadband connections. It's second connections. It's connections where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2611.2s	2611.2	 connections didn't exist. By the way, just so you know, the best in class broadband connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2617.7s	2617.7	 for a plane is called Ka-Band and it costs 500 grand a year. That's ridiculous. And you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2624.7s	2624.7	 replace it for, you know, a 10th of the cost and Starlink on a plane is dramatically better,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2632.0s	2632.0	 bi-directionally. So, I think Starlink is going to go public and I think it's going to be the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2637.7s	2637.7	 best chance that we have of opening up the capital markets in 2023. There's another way of saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2642.0s	2642.0	 people who own private jets, if they are flying 250 hours a year, which would probably be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2647.6s	2647.6	 reasonable number, 200, 300 hours a year, they're paying $2,000 an hour for their internet service.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2652.8s	2652.8	 That is bonkers. Okay. Sax, who is your big deal? Biggest business deal prediction for 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2658.8s	2658.8	 Biggest business deal, 23 prediction is there will be a deal between Putin and Xi.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2666.9s	2666.9	 And they met by satellite late last week to discuss ways to further help each other in 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2674.0s	2674.0	 Putin characterizes it as a no limits partnership. You may remember that the two of them inked a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2680.6s	2680.6	 $175 billion gas deal in early February last year. That was three weeks before Putin invaded Ukraine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2687.2s	2687.2	 I think now Russia is even more dependent on China. We've really driven Russia into China's arms.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2694.4s	2694.4	 I think there will be a big deal, not just on energy, but on agricultural products,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2700.2s	2700.2	 mineral products, and rare earth minerals that Trimoth likes to talk about. I think there could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2707.2s	2707.2	 be a trillion dollar deal between Russia and China this year. I was going to go out and live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2712.2s	2712.2	 and make a prediction. Okay. So, there is your 2023 prediction of the biggest deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2716.4s	2716.4	 The Legion of Dictators is forming. I do think it's like the axis of evil. This is more Legion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2723.4s	2723.4	 of Dictators. Like, hey, let's do business together. Freberg, you got a prediction for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2728.2s	2728.2	 the biggest business deal of 2023. This is really going out of limb here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2730.8s	2730.8	 I'll do two real quick. The first was similar to what Sax said, but it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2738.6s	2738.6	 kind of echoing what I said earlier, which is the Petro Yuan trade. I think that's the Saudi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2743.6s	2743.6	 China trade. If this happens and oil is sold in Yuan, it marks the beginning of, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2753.3s	2753.3	 the end of the assumption that the US dollar is the global reserve and the risk-free currency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2761.3s	2761.3	 in reserve for the world. So, I think the Petro Yuan trade, if you guys... Here's the Reuters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2767.2s	2767.2	 article covering Xi's visit to Saudi Arabia last month, first, second week of December.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2773.2s	2773.2	 Once this gets inked and signed, it's a real shift globally. I think the other one that I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2778.8s	2778.8	 going to point out that I think is a bit of an out-of-left-field one, maybe. And maybe I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2785.2s	2785.2	 just going to look like a total idiot at the end of the year. But I'll do a wild card. I like it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2788.0s	2788.0	 This is my wild card. So, my wild card is I think Apple ends up buying something completely out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2792.7s	2792.7	 the ordinary. And here's why. I think Apple's core business, they're facing significant pressure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2797.6s	2797.6	 with respect to their relationship and ties to China. As you guys may have seen last week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2802.4s	2802.4	 Foxconn announced that they're actually going further downstream in terms of their production
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2806.8s	2806.8	 model. And they're trying to diversify away from being the sole service provider to Apple.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2811.8s	2811.8	 Apple, as you know, is under such pressure to get out of China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2815.8s	2815.8	 politically that they've started to try and invigorate activity in Vietnam and elsewhere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2820.3s	2820.3	 So, a lot of pressure on their relationship with their low-cost producer and low-cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2825.7s	2825.7	 production partner. They're also under a lot of political pressure because of the App Store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2831.1s	2831.1	 revenues. You guys know this 30% App Store thing that they take. A lot of people are calling it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2835.5s	2835.5	 monopolistic and antitrust is getting involved. So, they're feeling that pressure. There's also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2839.2s	2839.2	 the pressure with respect to the waning consumer demand for high-end electronics. Samsung yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2846.3s	2846.3	 or last week or yesterday, I think, announced significant declines in consumer demand for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2851.3s	2851.3	 electronics or their forecast as such that has to impact Apple as well. So, when you put all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2856.8s	2856.8	 this together, they're being pressured to get out of their low-cost manufacturing center. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2861.4s	2861.4	 being pressured to stop making money on the App Store. They're being pressured because the demand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2866.0s	2866.0	 may be waning. They have to do something big to diversify the business. So, I think they might
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2870.3s	2870.3	 end up doing something like buying a real content company. Maybe they do something like buy a Disney.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2875.1s	2875.1	 Maybe they do something like buy an automotive company like Fiat Chrysler. I think there are a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2880.4s	2880.4	 number of these kind of like what may seem today outrageous deals that Apple might end up kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2885.6s	2885.6	 being pressured into doing so that they can get ahead of their forecast of the impact that all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2890.1s	2890.1	 these pressures are going to have on their core business. And so, I think this is something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2893.2s	2893.2	 interesting to kind of think may happen this year. I certainly have no insight or intel on anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2898.4s	2898.4	 or I could be completely wrong on this one, but it feels like they've got to do something this year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2902.8s	2902.8	 in order to keep that business growing. I love your wild card because the MBS,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2907.3s	2907.3	 Chinatrade and that relationship, sure, legion of dictators, but this one is really good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2913.6s	2913.6	 It's hard to buy Disney, monopolistic issues, but buying a car company, pretty easy because that's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2919.3s	2919.3	 fragmented market. I love this prediction. I mean, now with Tesla with this depressed stock price,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2924.8s	2924.8	 Apple can make a run at Tesla. They could almost buy it with cash, let alone BMW, Volvo, one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2930.0s	2930.0	 those brands they could buy easily. What a great prediction for me. The prediction is Amazon's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2936.1s	2936.1	 three-legged stool grows into a sturdy chair with a fourth pillar. For those folks who are not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2942.2s	2942.2	 familiar with how Amazon has built their businesses, there are three pillars in their stool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2948.8s	2948.8	 E-commerce, obviously, when you buy stuff, prime memberships, which is kind of considered a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2952.6s	2952.6	 separate revenue stream, and of course, AWS cloud computing. I think the fourth is going to be this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2958.3s	2958.3	 continuation of following the health stream, not advertising, because that's not a consumer-based
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2962.8s	2962.8	 product. That's just a way they make money. Health is going to be a big one for them. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2967.0s	2967.0	 obviously acquired one medical, which was a small purchase. I think they're going to buy Roman Hymns.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2972.0s	2972.0	 They're going to buy Peloton. They could buy a Whoop, and they're going to go all in on health.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2978.0s	2978.0	 That three-legged stool becomes a very sturdy chair. My runner-up is TikTok is going to divest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2984.6s	2984.6	 under duress. I think that it's going to have to go public, and the Chinese are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2989.2s	2989.2	 divest their interest in it and just take their chips, because they're going to be faced with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2993.7s	2993.7	 existential threat. During the political debates of the next two years, there will be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=2998.7s	2998.7	 anonymous support from Democrats and Republicans to get TikTok out of the U.S. Therefore, they divest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3004.1s	3004.1	 Can I just test that with you guys? Because we've talked about this a lot, that, hey, we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3008.0s	3008.0	 ban TikTok. How many of your friends' kids or your kids do you guys know spend hours a week on TikTok?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3017.1s	3017.1	 It's a lot. How do you get over the political mountain of trying to ban TikTok? If you try
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3024.8s	3024.8	 and ban TikTok, whoever raises their hand and says, we should ban TikTok and actually gets it done,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3029.0s	3029.0	 they're out of office. There is going to be so much pressure and backlash, because people are hooked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3032.9s	3032.9	 and love that app and use it all the time. To take that away from people will feel like this kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3038.4s	3038.4	 young kids that don't have phones actually get everything that TikTok has on YouTube shorts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3044.5s	3044.5	 I don't think TikTok is that important, because it is not actually, there is no sticky network
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3049.5s	3049.5	 effect inside that app. There isn't usage that's dependent on people you know or a graph that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3054.7s	3054.7	 build. It's a lot of passively consumed content. You're getting pushed a lot of algorithmically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3061.6s	3061.6	 defined content. You can do that on YouTube. I actually don't think it's that meaningfully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3065.6s	3065.6	 important if TikTok goes away. I think the content creators stay. It's harder for them to build a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3072.0s	3072.0	 business on YouTube shorts. But if you look at the measure, the density of content inside TikTok,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3079.3s	3079.3	 it exists almost one-to-one on YouTube. That's interesting. It's an interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3084.0s	3084.0	 point. You think it'll be okay if we cancel TikTok in the US and we say that's it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3088.5s	3088.5	 you can't have TikTok anymore. Everybody moves to YouTube and Instagram. It'll be disruptive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3091.2s	3091.2	 but people will just go to YouTube and Instagram. It's not that big of a deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3094.5s	3094.5	 In fact, a lot of my favorites- If there was a network effect inside there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3099.5s	3099.5	 then I think people would have a reason to complain to somebody, whether it's your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3103.2s	3103.2	 representative or whether it's somebody else to say, hey, don't do this. This would have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3108.0s	3108.0	 deleterious impact on my quality of life or my quality of experience. You could make that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3113.0s	3113.0	 clear claim on Instagram, Facebook, Google, YouTube. But TikTok is much more brittle that way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3121.4s	3121.4	 That's why they need to get public sooner and monetize this bloody thing. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3127.7s	3127.7	 it's very easy actually to deconstruct TikTok's value into these other places.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3134.0s	3134.0	 I can tell you my favorite TikTok is Chef's Reactions and I consume him now on Instagram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3138.6s	3138.6	 because he posts, he just copies one to the other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3141.2s	3141.2	 And so Chef's Reactions is a great example where he actually got banned by TikTok and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3145.8s	3145.8	 diversified on his own. And now what he does is he publishes across multiple streams. And if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3150.8s	3150.8	 look at all the big creators, they all do that because it makes no sense to actually give the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3156.0s	3156.0	 power to any one of these things. Why have a dependency? Why have a dependency?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3159.6s	3159.6	 All right. Let's keep the trains moving. Most contrarian belief, this is the Peter Thiel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3164.6s	3164.6	 award. Your chess partner, Sax, who's winning in 2022 in chess? How many chess games do you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3170.8s	3170.8	 going with Peter Thiel right now? And who's higher rated? You demolished me with your Queen's Gambit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3175.0s	3175.0	 I played one game, I got killed in seven moves. I'm ranked at 800, 900 right now. Sax is at 1800.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3181.4s	3181.4	 He just walloped me. Who's higher rated right now? You or Peter Thiel?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3184.4s	3184.4	 You accepted the Queen's Gambit. Well, you know, I just, I didn't even know what it was. I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3188.3s	3188.3	 what opening is this? You're like, Queen's Gambit, you're dead. Boom. Queen's Gambit accepted. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3193.8s	3193.8	 don't want to accept the Queen's Gambit. It's a very pleasant game for white. I'm going to go on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3199.2s	3199.2	 a limb here, you know, and risk being wrong. My prediction, or most contrarian belief is that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3206.4s	3206.4	 bromance between Biden and Zelensky comes to an end at some point in 2023. And let me state the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3214.0s	3214.0	 part that I think is conventional wisdom and everyone agrees with, which is there's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3218.5s	3218.5	 be a massive Ukrainian counteroffensive in the spring. And I think that could go one of two ways.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3223.8s	3223.8	 Either it could make limited gains, basically the Russians fight them to a stalemate, or it could be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3229.7s	3229.7	 successful. And they could basically push the Russians back to the February 23rd lines and make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3234.9s	3234.9	 it play for Crimea. I predict that in either one of those circumstances, Zelensky's interests and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3240.9s	3240.9	 Biden's interests will start to diverge. So in the case of a stalemate, which I think is probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3246.7s	3246.7	 50-50 here, Biden's got to start going into election mode for 2024. And I think we're saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3253.0s	3253.0	 there were going to be a recession. So I think that if there's a stalemate, I think Biden's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3257.6s	3257.6	 to tell Zelensky, wrap this thing up, it's time to negotiate. We need to get this over with. By the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3263.0s	3263.0	 same token, if the counteroffensive is successful, I think that the administration, hopefully cooler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3268.0s	3268.0	 heads will prevail and not let them take Crimea. That's basically what they're gunning for,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3272.8s	3272.8	 is they not only want to get back to the February 23rd lines, they want to go all the way back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3276.8s	3276.8	 the 2014 lines of retaking Crimea. I think that's extremely dangerous. I think that could precipitate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3283.2s	3283.2	 a nuclear war. And I think that the cooler heads in the administration will tell Zelensky to stand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3288.4s	3288.4	 down, and that's the right time to make a deal. So I think in either one of these scenarios,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3292.8s	3292.8	 I think you will start to see a divergence between the Ukrainian and the American interests,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3296.9s	3296.9	 and that could create a rift. And I think no one's really predicting that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3301.5s	3301.5	 Aaron Powell I think this is great. This is kind of what I thought the plan all along was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3305.5s	3305.5	 which was to deplete Putin of resources, distract him, and then get the West off of his oil and try
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3312.5s	3312.5	 to do regime change, but do it by bleeding him. This would be proof positive of that strategy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3318.0s	3318.0	 which is bleed him to the end and then sell Zelensky out. I know it's cynical, but I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3324.8s	3324.8	 that's what we're doing. I think Ukraine is a tool to deplete Putin and then maybe get to regime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3329.4s	3329.4	 change. I'm cynical as it gets with this. Shamath, what's your most contrarian belief of 2023?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3334.7s	3334.7	 Shamath Prakash I will go and pick that inflation, which people expect to fall off a cliff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3344.2s	3344.2	 doesn't fall off a cliff as fast or as meaningfully as people want. And so I will explain inflation as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3352.1s	3352.1	 three different chapters. And we've seen the first two chapters play out. So 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3357.6s	3357.6	 chapter one was all about energy inflation. And you know, we all talked about having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3362.5s	3362.5	 almost $10 gas at the pump. And what does it mean for everybody? And it caused that initial spike
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3371.2s	3371.2	 in inflation. And then we had it come off. And Sachs called this, he said, you know, we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3377.3s	3377.3	 to have this sort of double hump. And 2022 was really the story of goods inflation, right? All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3383.4s	3383.4	 these prices and all of these things went up because the input costs went up. And we all had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3389.2s	3389.2	 to bear the implications of that. But then that started to ebb. Now, if you looked at the tail end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3396.4s	3396.4	 of 2022, what I found super interesting was the number of articles I saw about wage inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3404.1s	3404.1	 whether that was Biden using an 1800s era law to prevent a railroad strike,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3411.5s	3411.5	 the number of states that increased minimum wage, the trend around unionization. So in general,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3418.4s	3418.4	 my thought is that the pendulum is swinging very markedly away from capital and towards labor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3426.6s	3426.6	 And as the labor participation rate stays low and continues to go down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3431.4s	3431.4	 and also it's compounded by an unemployment rate that may go up, right? People are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3436.0s	3436.0	 it's going to be harder and harder to get people to do the work you need at the company you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3442.0s	3442.0	 unless you pay them more. And if that gets exaggerated, then inflation will stay where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3448.6s	3448.6	 it is. It won't be as muted and it won't fall off a cliff as people want. That's my big contrarian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3456.7s	3456.7	 wager for this year is that we see wage inflation that keeps inflation not going down as much as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3463.8s	3463.8	 people want. This is contrarian because everybody's saying, hey, it's over. The consumer's back has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3468.7s	3468.7	 been broken. The credit card debt is high and everybody's being laid off, yada, yada, yada.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3474.2s	3474.2	 Therefore goods and services, there'll be more supply than demand and the prices will lower.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3479.6s	3479.6	 Very contrarian. Free break. Do you have a contrarian belief for 2023?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3483.0s	3483.0	 I think it follows my earlier points about the Saudi, China, Russia trade. This year, exiting 2023,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3497.2s	3497.2	 it may be the case that there's historically been this belief and this continuing belief that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3502.7s	3502.7	 US dollar will always be the de facto global reserve currency. And the current mantra is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3507.9s	3507.9	 it's better than the rest. Everyone else is worse off than the US. Western Europe is in trouble.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3511.5s	3511.5	 Japan is in trouble. China is in trouble. Everyone's in trouble. But if there is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3519.5s	3519.5	 scaled economic coalition that starts to shift the balance of power a little bit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3525.0s	3525.0	 and the US meanwhile is taking on extraordinary debt load, spending $1.7 trillion in an omnibus bill,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3533.5s	3533.5	 has this massive unfunded social security problem coming down the pipe, and are trying to manage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3538.6s	3538.6	 multiple funded conflicts around the world, it could be that the US dollar coming out of 2023
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3544.9s	3544.9	 starts to trade more like a risk asset and less like a risk-free asset. And so I think that that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3550.0s	3550.0	 my big contrarian bet is that maybe this year marks the beginning of the end of the US dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3555.3s	3555.3	 as the kind of global de facto reserve currency based on some of these big trades that I talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3562.4s	3562.4	 about happening. So that would be my big kind of contrarian. Perfectly said. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3568.4s	3568.4	 your contrarian bet. The Legion of Dictators, the MBSs, et cetera, they form a new global currency.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3575.8s	3575.8	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3576.5s	3576.5	 My term, not yours.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3577.3s	3577.3	 Yeah. I'm not calling it a ... Yeah. I wouldn't say Legion of Dictators, and I wouldn't say form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3580.7s	3580.7	 a new global currency, but I do think that the fact that large economic trading models start to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3589.4s	3589.4	 be done in non-dollar denominated form-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3591.9s	3591.9	 Got it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3592.5s	3592.5	 ... weakens the reserve status of the dollar to some degree. Not fully. It doesn't happen in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3597.3s	3597.3	 binary way. And then the dollar starts to trade more like a risk asset, like other currencies do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3602.1s	3602.1	 to some degree, not fully. So maybe this year we start to see that shift.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3606.0s	3606.0	 Once again, I take the exact opposite of your contrarian belief. I believe American exceptionalism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3611.8s	3611.8	 continues to soar as Russia, China, Saudi Arabia, to a lesser extent, continue to self-sabotage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3618.4s	3618.4	 themselves with insane wars like Putin has done, or cutting off the heads of entrepreneurs in China,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3625.2s	3625.2	 figuratively, I'm saying here. I think you cannot have exceptionalism without entrepreneurs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3631.5s	3631.5	 without people having freedom. And I think that means American exceptionalism based on freedom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3637.8s	3637.8	 is going to continue. And the Legion of Dictators, I believe, are going to stab each other in the back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3643.5s	3643.5	 before they change the world or move the currency. Can't trust them. They'll snippet each other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3649.1s	3649.1	 And all their self-sabotage themselves-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3650.0s	3650.0	 Sacks, where do you fall out on these two?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3651.1s	3651.1	 Go ahead, Sacks. Where do you fall on our opposites here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3653.6s	3653.6	 I think that America is really feeling its Wheaties right now. I think that American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3657.9s	3657.9	 power is immense. I think that the superiority of our weapons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3662.1s	3662.1	 in Ukraine has been one of the big surprises of the war.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3664.7s	3664.7	 Let's go, Pomo Lucky.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3665.8s	3665.8	 I don't see the world in the simplistic good guys versus bad guys frame that Jacob does. However,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3672.0s	3672.0	 America is on turbo right now. And yes, it is true that the BRICS would love to get off of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3678.8s	3678.8	 the dollar because we are now using the dollar and the financial system and Swift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3683.8s	3683.8	 as a geopolitical tool and a weapon. And they would very much like to be off of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3689.2s	3689.2	 dependence on our currency. But I don't think they're anywhere close to being able to do that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3692.9s	3692.9	 yet. And like I said, America is on turbo right now. Now, one thing I want to mention,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3699.4s	3699.4	 this just came out, White House correspondent named Jennifer Jacobs just reported that the US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3704.8s	3704.8	 has agreed to send Bradley armored vehicles, basically our best tanks to Ukraine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3711.4s	3711.4	 Previously, US officials had balked at sending armored vehicles saying heavier weapons would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3714.8s	3714.8	 be too difficult for Ukraine to operate and maintain, but allies are moving to provide such
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3719.1s	3719.1	 weapons. So we keep providing the Ukrainians with more and more sophisticated weapons,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3725.2s	3725.2	 more and more support. Like I said, this is leading up to a huge Ukrainian counteroffensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3729.4s	3729.4	 in the spring. And I really don't know what's going to happen at that point. I do think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3733.6s	3733.6	 the Russians will escalate. I don't think they can afford to lose this war. They view it as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3738.3s	3738.3	 existential. And like I said, I hope cooler heads will prevail. And if the Ukrainians are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3743.9s	3743.9	 successful at breaking through, I hope that the Biden administration will shut this down before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3748.4s	3748.4	 they try to retake Crimea. Because we've discussed this before, I think the Russians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3754.3s	3754.3	 confronted with a choice between a total defeat that includes losing Crimea and their naval base
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3760.8s	3760.8	 Sevastopol and seize the Ukrainian flag flying over their base at Sevastopol. If that's a choice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3766.8s	3766.8	 between that or potentially using a tactical nuke, maybe at the mouth of the Crimean peninsula as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3773.4s	3773.4	 firewall, I think they could choose the nuke option. So it's a very dangerous situation and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3781.8s	3781.8	 very dynamic. There's a lot of possibilities. All right, let's go on to best performing asset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3785.8s	3785.8	 2023. I'm going with seed stage investing again. I don't think people want to get into these toxic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3791.3s	3791.3	 cap tables at the late stage as Chamath pointed out. So I go with seed stage, you know, and up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3795.6s	3795.6	 to series A, the people brave enough to place bets, the founders brave enough to start companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3799.4s	3799.4	 I believe it's the best performing asset class of 2023. Chamath, what do you got?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3803.3s	3803.3	 I think that there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world and in the markets. And so I'm generally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3809.5s	3809.5	 concerned that there's a lot of chop. And so I pick something that's pretty conservative,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3817.2s	3817.2	 but I would have a combination of cash and the front end of the yield curve. So T bills all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3824.7s	3824.7	 way up to two year bonds. So you can generate four and a half probably by the end of this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3829.1s	3829.1	 5% pretty safely owning this stuff while you wait for things to become more certain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3837.6s	3837.6	 And the way that I think about it is that I would rather miss the first 10 or 15% of a rally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3845.8s	3845.8	 Once we're really done this stuff, then try to overcorrect and try to pick a bottom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3851.2s	3851.2	 just because I think that you could lose a lot of money. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3856.4s	3856.4	 I think the goal for this year is to stay resilient and in the game. And so owning having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3862.7s	3862.7	 a bunch of cash on the sidelines ready to pound it in. Meanwhile, a portion of it collecting 5%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3867.8s	3867.8	 is not such a bad thing while you wait for the bottom. Fantastic. My answer was actually very,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3872.2s	3872.2	 very similar, which is if Kashgari is right, that rates are going to 5.4% in Q1. Why wouldn't you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3878.4s	3878.4	 just put all your money in short term T bills? You earn five, five and a half percent risk free.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3884.2s	3884.2	 Set it and forget it. And that's why capital flows are moving hugely right now from equities into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3890.0s	3890.0	 bonds. Especially if we're going to a recession, which is inherently deflationary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3896.2s	3896.2	 What do you got, Freeberg? Forming asset class of 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3900.5s	3900.5	 One of the things, so I think it's inevitable that we continue to have significant infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3907.6s	3907.6	 spending from both the stimulus and security point of view. So we kind of want to continue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3912.4s	3912.4	 to stimulate the economy and support growth. We want to continue to create jobs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3916.9s	3916.9	 support this transition. If the recession predictions play out true and the job market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3922.1s	3922.1	 does loosen, it's very tight right now. There's going to be even more of an impetus to continue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3926.4s	3926.4	 to do infrastructure investment. But I think there's also these big economic transitions happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3930.8s	3930.8	 underway right now with pharmaceuticals, with semiconductors, with energy. There's a lot that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3938.6s	3938.6	 we've talked about where there's a security problem and a redundancy problem. And so there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3945.0s	3945.0	 are a couple of ways to play this infrastructure spending thesis in each of those areas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3950.3s	3950.3	 I've highlighted four of them. One is in semiconductor capital equipment. So K-Lite 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3954.7s	3954.7	 Core Applied Materials, that range of businesses that provide and sell the equipment into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3960.5s	3960.5	 fabs and the organizations that build semiconductor manufacturing facilities. The second is oil and gas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3970.4s	3970.4	 services, similar to what Sachs said earlier, Schlumberger, Baker Hughes. That class of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3974.6s	3974.6	 businesses benefit in this environment. And this is independent of economic conditions, certainly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3981.0s	3981.0	 because these are big multi-year spending projects. The third is in the equipment to support them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3986.0s	3986.0	 so deer and caterpillar. And then the fourth, I think, is an important one. I'll talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3989.7s	3989.7	 this in a minute with respect to my biggest anticipated thing for next year, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3995.0s	3995.0	 in pharmaceutical infrastructure, so Thermo Fisher. And there's some company and others like them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=3999.9s	3999.9	 because there's a lot of build-out happening to support these big transitions happening in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4003.2s	4003.2	 the modalities that are being used in pharmaceutical drugs and diagnostics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4007.7s	4007.7	 And then I think that there's also a couple of these businesses that are diversified,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4011.7s	4011.7	 like Danaher, Honeywell. Thermo Fisher is a good example that play across multiple of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4017.3s	4017.3	 opportunities. So those are all great businesses to own, and you don't need to worry about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4021.9s	4021.9	 their growing cash flow positive dividend paying companies. And you don't need to worry about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4026.8s	4026.8	 am I getting 5% or 5.5% based on the equity price this year? These are long-range businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4032.0s	4032.0	 that are building real value, growing their top line, and compounding value from within.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4037.4s	4037.4	 And then they're acquiring a lot of smaller businesses very cheap. I'll say, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4040.1s	4040.1	 that's an important trend I've seen across these companies, Danaher, Honeywell, Thermo Fisher.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4044.4s	4044.4	 They buy small companies, they pay very little, and they immediately get massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4049.1s	4049.1	 return on invested capital. They're in the high teens. So why get 5% on T-bills when you can get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4054.6s	4054.6	 high teens, R-O-Y-C, on the management teams running these incredible platforms? So that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4059.6s	4059.6	 where I'm most excited for this year. Okay, now let's move on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4064.1s	4064.1	 That was like a mad, that was like my mad money segment. I've never done the mad money segment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4069.0s	4069.0	 before, but there you guys go. Worst performing asset? I went with energy because,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4073.3s	4073.3	 not that I think it's not important, but it just feels like everybody rushed into it in 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4077.6s	4077.6	 So it feels like it's overheated. And if we are in a recession, people might lower consumption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4082.0s	4082.0	 in terms of energy and be looking for cheaper alternatives. So it could be overheated. So I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4086.5s	4086.5	 went with energy. Shamath, worst performing asset? You got one?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4091.6s	4091.6	 I think that if we've learned anything from the last three years, you have to separate the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4096.7s	4096.7	 valuation of a company and how it performs in the stock market with its value in society. So for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4103.0s	4103.0	 example, if you look at Zoom, Zoom's valuation has cratered, but its value in society has probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4108.5s	4108.5	 continued to go up. It's still a massively relied upon tool. The point is that markets do not give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4114.3s	4114.3	 you credit for the value in society. They will give you credit when you are about to over earn,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4120.9s	4120.9	 but then they'll pull it all back when they think that you're going to under earn. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4126.0s	4126.0	 in that lens, I think that tech will have a tough year. I think energy will have a really shit year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4132.6s	4132.6	 And probably the biggest asset class that is going to get pressured is going to be junk debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4138.8s	4138.8	 And the reason is a bunch of these variable rate loans, when rates are at five and 6%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4145.0s	4145.0	 that all of a sudden are like 11, 12, 13, 14% coupons, a bunch of companies will have trouble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4152.5s	4152.5	 meeting their debt obligations and we'll have to restructure the debt or we'll have to file. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4159.1s	4159.1	 tech, energy, and junk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4159.7s	4159.7	 Tech, energy, and junk for 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4162.7s	4162.7	 Oh, a subcategory of what Jamoth just said. I think office towers in San Francisco are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4167.2s	4167.2	 that is some serious toxic debt, 27% vacancy rates and growing as Lisa's role. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4175.1s	4175.1	 a lot of these buildings, maybe virtually all of the San Francisco downtown is going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4179.8s	4179.8	 owned by the bank soon because no one can meet their-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4182.2s	4182.2	 Commercial real estate in San Francisco and perhaps real large.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4184.9s	4184.9	 Specifically the office towers because no one wants to be in those skyscraper buildings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4189.1s	4189.1	 south of market, mired in homelessness. So yeah, I think that a lot of those buildings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4194.7s	4194.7	 can be owned by the banks. There's going to be some major fire sales. Remember, this was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4198.4s	4198.4	 hottest commercial real estate market in the country a few years ago and now it's the worst.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4205.5s	4205.5	 Look what happened to B-REIT. What do you think about that crazy thing that happened with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4208.9s	4208.9	 Blackstone REIT? I mean, that's nuts. Explain what happened? Blackstone has a product called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4213.8s	4213.8	 B-REIT. It's like a $70 billion exchange traded fund effectively. And what it is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4219.7s	4219.7	 is the ability for individual investors to own access to Blackstone's commercial real estate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4224.8s	4224.8	 portfolio. And they had such a massive amount of redemptions that they had to close redemptions at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4230.5s	4230.5	 the end of Q4. And they were worried that the redemptions were going to continue to go up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4235.1s	4235.1	 These are individual investors who basically sees the writing on the wall, as David said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4239.8s	4239.8	 and wants their money out. And so they went to the University of California pension system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4245.3s	4245.3	 and they essentially got a huge infusion of capital. I think it was about $4 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4251.2s	4251.2	 where they guaranteed 11.5% interest to these guys for the $4 billion. And they also posted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4258.0s	4258.0	 a billion dollars of their own equity in the actual REIT to backstop it. So what does it show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4264.9s	4264.9	 you? I think what Sachs is saying is really right. It may not just be in San Francisco, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4270.0s	4270.0	 with all of these people either getting laid off with all of these people now working remotely,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4275.2s	4275.2	 we may finally start to see the beginning of the reckoning in commercial real estate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4279.3s	4279.3	 which has been an unbelievably performant asset class up until right about now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4283.6s	4283.6	 And on top of that, you have to factor in these much higher rates. And so these building owners,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4288.1s	4288.1	 if they financed it, which they invariably have always financed, they have huge variable rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4293.8s	4293.8	 payments that are due on these buildings. The rent rolls are lower. Even people like Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4298.2s	4298.2	 as you're refusing to pay the rent. So you have to take them to court. So it elongates when they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4302.9s	4302.9	 have to pay. And so you could miss a bunch of rent payments. And all of a sudden the banks could just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4308.7s	4308.7	 go crazy and take ownership of these things. Okay. Do you have a worst performing asset class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4315.2s	4315.2	 for 2023 prediction? Sultan of science, queen of kinwa, David Friberg. It's really simple. I've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4322.0s	4322.0	 mentioned it before. It's consumer credit. We assume that raising rising rates and inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4327.7s	4327.7	 would taper down consumer demand, meaning consumers buying goods and stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4334.2s	4334.2	 And that certainly hasn't happened. I'm in Vegas right now. I was in the car yesterday and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4338.8s	4338.8	 driver grew up in Vegas. He's like, in all the, I've lived my whole life in Vegas. He's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4344.2s	4344.2	 I've never seen a December like we just had. It was packed the entire month. He's like, normally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4348.7s	4348.7	 in Vegas, it's dead up until Christmas and the New Year's people come into town, but it's normally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4353.1s	4353.1	 dead. He's like, I've never seen such a busy month. And I think we see this in the numbers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4356.5s	4356.5	 Consumers are still spending like it's 2021. They're still spending like interest rates are zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4361.6s	4361.6	 As we talked about, consumer credit is skyrocketing while rates are skyrocketing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4367.5s	4367.5	 And so I think we're going to run into a real wall with respect to consumer credit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4371.4s	4371.4	 in sometime this year. And you're going to see, as you guys know, this is such a complicated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4377.6s	4377.6	 interwoven market of assets that the way that this can be traded, there's a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4382.8s	4382.8	 different ways to trade it, but I think it's going to be in general, consumers are not going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4386.4s	4386.4	 to be able to meet their debt obligations. And it's going to be, it could be mortgages,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4391.0s	4391.0	 could be credit card debt defaults are coming. Yeah. And if you're putting the markets, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4395.6s	4395.6	 market has priced in a bunch of this stuff, obviously companies like a firm and you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4398.8s	4398.8	 the, the, um, uh, what do they call buy now, pay later companies, but credit card companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4404.0s	4404.0	 mortgages, there's a lot of assets that you can start to kind of pick apart.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4407.6s	4407.6	 Where do you think this unravels first? How does it, what gets hit hardest? What's underpriced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4411.6s	4411.6	 and overpriced? Probably a lot of good pair trading to do as Jamal kind of loves to talk about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4416.1s	4416.1	 with respect to which of these are more likely or less likely to be sensitive to this dynamic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4419.9s	4419.9	 But there's, I think it's, it's going to be a pretty ugly scene. Uh, consumers just have way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4423.9s	4423.9	 too much debt relative to their earnings right now. And it's pretty nasty. And they have some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4428.7s	4428.7	 confidence that they'll always have a job or some way to pay their four easy payments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4432.7s	4432.7	 Dude, it's hard. I'll say it's, it's hard. It's muscle memory is serious. You know, you come out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4437.7s	4437.7	 of 2021 when you had, um, it's not just stimulus checks. It was the low interest rate and easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4442.4s	4442.4	 credit availability everywhere. And it's just easy to jump into getting new stuff and cool stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4446.4s	4446.4	 And then when you get used to getting new stuff every week or every month, you kind of stick with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4450.4s	4450.4	 it and you're like, I don't want to give it up just yet. I just, not just yet, not just yet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4454.3s	4454.3	 you know? And so it's, it's hard to kind of step back from spending when you have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4458.0s	4458.0	 new type of lifestyle. And I think that's what's going on. I think this is an incredible observation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4462.3s	4462.3	 Yeah. There's a great tick tock of this guy that runs car dealerships and he sent them out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4466.0s	4466.0	 on like how much incredible money, like what a significant percentage of people's income
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4471.8s	4471.8	 they are spending on their monthly car payments. And people buy these cars that are well beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4476.0s	4476.0	 what should be kind of a reasonable budget. If you were to go to Susie Orman for advice,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4479.8s	4479.8	 she would not buy that freaking car stretch. And the stretching is going to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4483.6s	4483.6	 it's going to snap this year. Yeah. Absolutely. Which brings us to the most anticipated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4488.3s	4488.3	 love it. Great one. Most anticipated trend of 2023 related to yours. I went with austerity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4495.1s	4495.1	 I have a friend who sometimes flies private often. And I was talking to him about his Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4500.6s	4500.6	 vacation. This friend of mine, Shamath, instead of flying private to his vacation, he had to pick up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4506.3s	4506.3	 his kids. He had to go back and forth. He was driving his car. That was me. That was you. Oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4513.2s	4513.2	 okay. I didn't want to, I didn't want to decluck you. But I had a friend named Shamath who would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4518.3s	4518.3	 normally fly private to Lake Tahoe. And he's like, no, I can't go out with you. I'm skiing on Friday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4523.2s	4523.2	 I got to pick up my kids. And then I'm driving back. I said, wait a second, how are you doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4526.2s	4526.2	 that? He's like, I'm driving a car. I said, what? Who's driving the car? He said, I'm driving the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4530.8s	4530.8	 car. And that's why I say austerity is my anticipated trend of 23 and three. I agree with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4535.8s	4535.8	 you. I actually think this is a really good opportunity to pull back on so much waste.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4541.2s	4541.2	 I haven't really looked at my household budget in probably two or three years. Didn't even bother.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4546.0s	4546.0	 Why? And then, and then when I looked at it, I was like, wow, this is really inflated to a level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4550.1s	4550.1	 that I didn't expect. Yes. But it makes a lot of sense to live in a more heads down, austere way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4559.5s	4559.5	 I don't know. Yeah. Well, I mean, look at tonight's menu. You went with duck. I guess the olive fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4564.4s	4564.4	 Wagyu, everything's off the menu now. No black truffles. We're having duck. We're down to poultry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4569.1s	4569.1	 Next week, we're going to have pasta. It's okay, Shamath. Austerity measures for everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4574.0s	4574.0	 They call it foul for a reason, right? Oh, God. Saks, do you buy into austerity?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4580.0s	4580.0	 Shamath and I are austerity belt tightening as our trends. Where are you? What's your trend for?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4583.6s	4583.6	 I think that's a pretty good trend. The trend that I am going to suggest will be to your great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4590.5s	4590.5	 disappointment, J Cal, which is Trump's influence in the GOP continues to wane. You're seeing it in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4597.1s	4597.1	 real time right now. The headline is Trump's endorsement proves worthless to Kevin McCarthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4602.9s	4602.9	 in the speaker bid. Even the MAGA faithful like Matt Gaetz, like Lauren Boebert, they are ignoring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4610.4s	4610.4	 Trump's pleas to get behind Mike Heaven. In fact, they're kind of not just defying him,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4616.8s	4616.8	 but making fun of him. Matt Gaetz had a repost to Trump saying sad exclamation point, and Boebert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4623.6s	4623.6	 was saying that Trump needed to get behind her movement. We have now a level of open defiance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4629.9s	4629.9	 to Trump in the GOP. His endorsements are not what they once were. Even if somehow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4637.7s	4637.7	 Kevin McCarthy pulls us off, I think all that means is that Trump gets blamed for every swampy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4644.1s	4644.1	 rhino compromise that McCarthy has to make to keep the government running over the next two years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4647.8s	4647.8	 It's a lose-lose. Does that mean that populism is on the wane, do you think? It's the electorate that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4652.7s	4652.7	 got him elected in the first place. He was not very popular with politicians. He was kind of an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4657.2s	4657.2	 outcast when he got elected the first time. That may be the case now, but he still got elected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4661.7s	4661.7	 because the population loved him. People loved him. Do you think that means that the populism is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4666.5s	4666.5	 kind of waning or the interest of the voters is waning on him, or is it just the political party's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4671.7s	4671.7	 alignment? Boebert only won by a few thousand votes. She didn't exactly crush it in Colorado.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4677.1s	4677.1	 I think a lot of this has to do with Trump's personal standing after the midterms. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4682.3s	4682.3	 candidates that he personally picked that were all in tough races, they all basically lost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4686.2s	4686.2	 It was about the distraction he caused by making the 2020 election such a big deal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4691.2s	4691.2	 constantly looking backwards. I think the Republican Party doesn't like the antics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4695.7s	4695.7	 It's not about the policies, I don't think. I think it's 100% about Trump's electability and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4702.7s	4702.7	 about his ability to get things done. It's not really about the positions per se.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4709.2s	4709.2	 I think, Boebert, to answer your question, I think that the future of the GOP will incorporate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4713.5s	4713.5	 this populism, but it's going to find a better integration with the established wing of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4718.8s	4718.8	 Republican Party. Future candidates will have to basically satisfy both of those wings of the party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4724.8s	4724.8	 Sax, was it the straw that broke the camel's back for Republicans and Trump in that relationship?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4730.9s	4730.9	 Was it January 6 and the election denial? For Republicans, is it just like, come on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4736.5s	4736.5	 those are the two things? This constant focusing on the 2020 election, first, it cost the Republicans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4743.0s	4743.0	 that Georgia runoff seat with Purdue against Warnock. Purdue won on election night, didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4748.5s	4748.5	 clear 50%, had to go to the runoff. This happened the day before January 6. This happened on January
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4754.0s	4754.0	 5 of 2021. That was the first race where Trump's antics cost him. Then you had this midterm election
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4761.5s	4761.5	 where all the candidates who had to appease Trump by talking about, again, the last election,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4767.2s	4767.2	 instead of looking to the future, they got punished by the voters. I think Republicans want to win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4773.2s	4773.2	 They're tired of losing. It's that simple. It's that simple.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4775.8s	4775.8	 Yeah. The job of a politician is to win. Freberg, you got an anticipated trend of 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4782.0s	4782.0	 I am excited about and want to share the point of view that I think cell and gene therapies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4788.1s	4788.1	 are becoming more mainstream. These are pharmaceutical modalities where we use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4793.7s	4793.7	 gene editing systems where you can actually go in and change or add genetic material to cells in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4799.5s	4799.5	 your body to resolve things like genetic diseases or change protein deficiencies or introduce new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4804.9s	4804.9	 proteins. Then cell therapies where we engineer cells, put them in the body, and those cells go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4809.8s	4809.8	 and do things like attack and destroy cancer cells, for example. There are currently 27
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4815.9s	4815.9	 FDA approved cell and gene therapies on the market. There are over a thousand in clinical trials,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4821.1s	4821.1	 many of which are already showing extraordinary efficacy and benefit. Today, these therapies cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4826.2s	4826.2	 upwards of a million dollars. I think there's a massive, and talking about the infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4830.3s	4830.3	 investment conversation earlier, because of the number of diseases and the number of conditions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4834.1s	4834.1	 and the number of people that these therapies can treat, I think there's massive infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4838.6s	4838.6	 investment opportunity coming forward this year. Also, seeing these come to market, come out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4842.8s	4842.8	 clinical trials, get FDA approved, we have to ramp up and build up the infrastructure needed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4847.6s	4847.6	 because it's not traditional where you make a drug in a factory and send it to people and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4850.8s	4850.8	 get it injected. These are much more complex. They require a much more complicated delivery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4856.3s	4856.3	 mechanism. You have to have systems to engineer cells and edit them and put them back in your body.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4860.6s	4860.6	 Those systems today take days or weeks and cost, as a result, a million dollar plus per treatment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4866.1s	4866.1	 I think that the cell and gene therapy opportunity, the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference starts this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4871.2s	4871.2	 week. It's the biggest biotech and healthcare conference in the world. It starts in San Francisco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4875.3s	4875.3	 on Monday. This is one of the biggest areas of interest and one that everyone's investing against.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4881.8s	4881.8	 As these come to market, we talked about this last week, genetic diseases, types of cancer that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4886.4s	4886.4	 going to be addressed. I'm really excited about seeing more of these products come to market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4890.5s	4890.5	 and seeing the whole infrastructure and delivery system change.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4893.2s	4893.2	 Aaron Powell All right. Sorry to interrupt. Trying to keep the trains moving, gene editing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4896.2s	4896.2	 Very good choice. All right. We end with this. It's a little bit fun. Most anticipated media for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4901.9s	4901.9	 2023. These are things we like to talk about the media here. Sometimes we talked about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4907.0s	4907.0	 White Lotus, season two, amazing season, and maybe what you're looking forward to next year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4914.4s	4914.4	 I am really looking forward to in film Oppenheimer, Christopher Nolan's movie about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4918.5s	4918.5	 the Manhattan Project. That should be extraordinary. I loved, was Dunkirk his as well. I love Dunkirk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4924.7s	4924.7	 I like everything he does. Him becoming like a history uncle, I'm here for it. I'm here for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4930.5s	4930.5	 Nolan becoming our history uncle instead of Batman. What was the one after Inception though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4934.8s	4934.8	 that was really confusing? The one with Denzel Washington's son with John Washington.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4938.9s	4938.9	 Aaron Powell Yes. It was, I couldn't finish it. I tried twice. I got to go with third shot on that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4945.2s	4945.2	 one. It was, oh yeah, it was, it was his worst film. It was really difficult. It was called Tenet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4951.6s	4951.6	 Aaron Powell Tenet. Yes. About like time and reverse and this. It was impossible to follow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4957.2s	4957.2	 Did you guys see his original film, which was incredible, Memento?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4960.0s	4960.0	 Of course. Memento was fantastic. Yeah. Memento was great. Inception was incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4964.3s	4964.3	 It was enough mind, mind, yeah, it was mind bending enough that you're like, oh my God,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4968.0s	4968.0	 incredible. And then I think they took it too far. Tenet. I tried to watch it three times. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4972.3s	4972.3	 generally pretty good with these sorts of films and love them, but oh my God, it was impossible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4976.4s	4976.4	 to follow. He took it too far. Okay. So hopefully he goes back to his roots.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4980.7s	4980.7	 Aaron Powell In terms of TV series, I'm looking forward to Secession coming back. Ashoka, who is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4987.9s	4987.9	 Anakin Skywalker, AKA Darth Vader's Padawan, Ted Lasso season three coming up. Those are for me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4993.3s	4993.3	 incredible. And then on the book front, man, the Michael Lewis book about SBF is going to be next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=4997.9s	4997.9	 level. I cannot wait for that. Sax, you're a media junkie. What do you got on your list of things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5002.1s	5002.1	 you're looking forward to? Or I should say what does Tucker's writers, what do they put down for you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5005.2s	5005.2	 Saxon Well, J. Cal, I thought you were going to pick, I thought that for movie,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5009.9s	5009.9	 you're going to pick Cocaine Bear. Aaron Powell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5012.3s	5012.3	 I can't wait for Cocaine Bear. Cocaine Bear does look really amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5015.6s	5015.6	 Saxon It does look great. The prophets of Cocaine Bear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5018.4s	5018.4	 is extraordinary. A bear is in the woods and I guess people who are trafficking in cocaine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5026.0s	5026.0	 drop their or crashes and the bear eats the cocaine and then goes on a rampage. It's kind of like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5031.6s	5031.6	 genre film, like in the crocodile way. By the way, I'm listening to Quentin Tarantino's book,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5035.6s	5035.6	 by the way, of criticism. Get the audio book. You'll like it, Sax. He talks about all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5040.2s	5040.2	 films in the 70s. Very good. Shout out to Quentin. What do you got? What do you got on your short list,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5045.4s	5045.4	 History Uncle? Saxon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5047.2s	5047.2	 Me? Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5048.0s	5048.0	 Yeah. What do you got? Saxon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5049.0s	5049.0	 I just gave you one. Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5050.4s	5050.4	 Okay, Cocaine Bear, top of your list. We'll watch it together.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5053.3s	5053.3	 Saxon Oppenheimer was on my list and I think Marvel is doing a good job developing a new villain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5060.0s	5060.0	 to rival Thanos with Kang. I don't know what phase they're on now, but Loki season two and then the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5066.3s	5066.3	 new Ant-Man movie. I thought after Thanos, he wouldn't really be able to top that, but they've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5072.1s	5072.1	 come up with a really good concept, I think, for the next 20 Marvel movies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5076.3s	5076.3	 Aaron Well, and then it will eventually become Galactus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5078.4s	5078.4	 Sajad You guys have completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5080.0s	5080.0	 fucked up. You have missed the most obvious slam dunk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5083.2s	5083.2	 Aaron Okay, here we go. Shadé's new album. Go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5085.2s	5085.2	 Sajad Dune, part two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5088.3s	5088.3	 Aaron Oh, I haven't watched number one yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5090.6s	5090.6	 Sajad Wait, what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5091.4s	5091.4	 Aaron You know, what happened was-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5093.2s	5093.2	 Aaron It was kind of boring, wasn't it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5095.1s	5095.1	 My wife wants to watch it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5096.3s	5096.3	 Sajad It is so stylistically beautiful. It is a little boring. There's not a lot going on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5100.5s	5100.5	 Aaron It's slow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5100.9s	5100.9	 Sajad But it's so well shot. It's visually just stunning. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5108.2s	5108.2	 you need to watch it on a big screen with big speakers. But part two comes out in November this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5112.6s	5112.6	 year. That's going to be great. Aaron Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5114.1s	5114.1	 Freeberg, tell us what documentary on veganism you recommend and you're anticipating for 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5119.3s	5119.3	 What vegan documentary or animal abuse documentary?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5123.6s	5123.6	 Sajad I am excited about the generative AI-based media that I think is going to start to kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5129.9s	5129.9	 rocket this year. We could see, for example, the first AI-written symphony, the first AI-written
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5137.9s	5137.9	 published novel. How interesting would that be? Like a full novel published by AI and more maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5143.9s	5143.9	 short films based on AI driven script. And maybe even what I'm really excited about is these AI-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5150.1s	5150.1	 based interactive video games or kind of experiences where you, the user, kind of get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5155.2s	5155.2	 to create and live your own world through some sort of video game type modality. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5160.1s	5160.1	 I think AI driven media. Aaron All right. There you have it, folks. There are-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5164.0s	5164.0	 Sajad Speaking of pop culture chaos, I guess Prince Harry has a book coming out that's called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5170.1s	5170.1	 Spare. Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5171.7s	5171.7	 Spare? Spare? Like pick up a spare when you're playing bowling?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5176.8s	5176.8	 No, but you know, like in the English monarchy, there's the air and the spare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5182.8s	5182.8	 So he's calling himself Spare. But to me, that's like a weird self-description. Yeah. Like that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5187.8s	5187.8	 how you see yourself is just- Sajad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5189.0s	5189.0	 Being self-deprecating. He didn't pick that. They paid him so much money. I heard they have to sell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5194.0s	5194.0	 1.7 million books to break even. Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5196.0s	5196.0	 But you know what it reminds me of is when Leonard Nimoy wrote a book, I think he wrote a book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5201.6s	5201.6	 called I Am Spock. And then he wrote a book called I Am Not Spock. Sajad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5205.6s	5205.6	 Nice. Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5206.4s	5206.4	 He could never get comfortable with the fact that he was just Spock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5208.8s	5208.8	 Sajad Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5209.5s	5209.5	 Aaron And there's something weird about calling yourself Spare. Like, you know, you're clearly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5215.1s	5215.1	 not comfortable with the role you're in. Sajad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5218.0s	5218.0	 Yeah. Everything they taught you, everything I learned at Harvard Business School and everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5223.2s	5223.2	 they don't teach at Harvard Business School, you can do both books. All right, listen, this has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5226.6s	5226.6	 been great. Breaking news as we're talking here, chat, GPT, OpenAI, doing a tender offer at 29
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5234.0s	5234.0	 billion. With no rabbit, you're losing three billion a day. Oh my god, who is buying at 29
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5240.5s	5240.5	 billion? Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5241.2s	5241.2	 It's Founders Fund, or reportedly, according to the Journal, it's Founders Fund Thrive Capital. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5246.0s	5246.0	 Founders Fund does not generally do super overpriced deals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5248.9s	5248.9	 Sajad Yeah. Yeah, I would buy that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5251.6s	5251.6	 Aaron That's a silly bet. I mean, come on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5253.2s	5253.2	 Sajad Dude, are you kidding me? That could be a $300 billion company. That's a 10X.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5256.6s	5256.6	 Aaron Right. But that, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5257.7s	5257.7	 Aaron You think it's a 10X from here? I would not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5261.6s	5261.6	 Sajad Totally could be. By the way, you guys remember that the origin of OpenAI, I don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5266.6s	5266.6	 what the current situation is, but it was a nonprofit where they said investors put money in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5271.4s	5271.4	 but the investor's maximum return was 100X on the dollar invested. So it's a nonprofit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5276.3s	5276.3	 but it's a profit up to 100X. Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5278.0s	5278.0	 No, no, that happened afterwards. It's when they converted to a-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5280.0s	5280.0	 Sajad That was the original model.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5281.0s	5281.0	 Aaron Yeah. No, the original model was a pure-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5283.2s	5283.2	 Aaron So did the nonprofit funders get any shares?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5284.4s	5284.4	 Aaron No, no, the original model was a pure nonprofit where there was no cap because there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5288.5s	5288.5	 was no concept of equity. When they flipped, they capped everybody to 100X on the return.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5293.8s	5293.8	 Aaron So the original money-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5295.0s	5295.0	 Sajad 100X, but not anymore or still?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5296.8s	5296.8	 Aaron But the original money, which was like Elon's money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5302.0s	5302.0	 who else put in money? Reed Hoffman.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5303.4s	5303.4	 Aaron Reed, yeah. All that money came in as pure nonprofit. So I don't know how it converted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5308.4s	5308.4	 but that's when they- Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5309.2s	5309.2	 Or did it convert? Did those people who funded it originally get any shares in the for-profit?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5313.2s	5313.2	 Aaron We could find out. Probably they did. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5315.2s	5315.2	 it would make sense that they were. Sajad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5316.5s	5316.5	 We'll find out. Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5317.2s	5317.2	 I mean, wait, if this is a tender offer from 1% of the company-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5319.6s	5319.6	 Sajad You wouldn't buy a $27 billion? You wouldn't buy shares at $27 billion?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5322.4s	5322.4	 Aaron So again, the thing that I want to impress upon you is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5326.8s	5326.8	 there is an enormous amount of work that they do that what their biggest gap to monetizing this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5333.9s	5333.9	 will be finding unique content that they learn on that nobody else has access to. And this is why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5340.6s	5340.6	 I really think it's important to understand if you have enough compute,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5345.3s	5345.3	 all of these unsupervised learning models, if you run them on the same training set,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5350.0s	5350.0	 will converge to the same answer. So you're just getting there first. So in order to be really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5355.8s	5355.8	 defensible, you have to get there in a unique way. And so either you're going to hand tune,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5361.3s	5361.3	 or you're going to have inputs that are different. So I don't know the answer. That's why they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5367.8s	5367.8	 to answer that question in their fundraising. And I'm sure that they did because these are smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5371.0s	5371.0	 investors. But that's the big idea that you have to overcome. And again, you have to think like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5375.8s	5375.8	 you think Google is sitting on their hands? No, or deal is sitting on a competitor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5380.0s	5380.0	 Sajad Why 29 billion? Like what fundamentals is that based on? Like why not 5 billion? Why not 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5384.9s	5384.9	 billion? I mean, like, why not 10 billion? Like what makes it 29 billion?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5387.6s	5387.6	 Aaron They doubled their valuation. That's what it is. It's all this on momentum.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5391.9s	5391.9	 Said nothing to do with reality, right? I mean, this would imply at a 30, the public comps of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5398.4s	5398.4	 Google trades at what 25 or 30 EBIT times EBITDA. So this would imply a billion dollars in EBITDA,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5405.8s	5405.8	 a billion dollars in EBITDA, three million dollars a day, they're losing three million dollars a day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5410.1s	5410.1	 on computer reportedly, three million dollars a day in profit on what product? I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5415.4s	5415.4	 Sajad That's not the issue. I think, look, I mean, my point was, if these guys open up a set of tools,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5421.2s	5421.2	 that support all these applications and services to emerge on top of what they've built,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5426.6s	5426.6	 and they're getting red share, getting payments out of that, it's going to very quickly turn into a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5429.9s	5429.9	 real scalable infrastructure business. Aaron Here's the problem, Freiburg. This is why that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5432.3s	5432.3	 can't happen. They don't have the rights to the data they built the training set on. And the second
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5437.2s	5437.2	 they commercialize it, the second anybody pays them, whoever they base this on, they're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5442.2s	5442.2	 get sued into oblivion. I predict sued into oblivion. Sajad Let's talk about that in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5448.9s	5448.9	 next show, because I think that's like the way that AI works, and we should probably bring someone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5452.2s	5452.2	 like Sam on to talk about it. But the way that AI works on training data, and now people are making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5457.9s	5457.9	 claims that the training data is copyright, therefore, model output is protected, protects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5462.9s	5462.9	 that copyright is, I think, worthy of a good conversation. Aaron What's interesting is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5466.8s	5466.8	 you know, the early version of the of the internet was very simple. It's like you had this file called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5472.1s	5472.1	 robux.txt. And you would basically be open to a crawl or not. And that's what would allow Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5477.2s	5477.2	 to basically go and spider your pages. Right. And so we have to replace this concept of that with this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5483.6s	5483.6	 AI.txt. Well, you could make a claim that this is no different than, you know, a spider crawling a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5490.4s	5490.4	 web page, except that in the search case, it was much cleaner, which is we're just going to index
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5495.6s	5495.6	 your page and redirect people to you. Here, it's we're actually going to create a derivative work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5501.2s	5501.2	 because of you and go. And I do think that that's going to be a very interesting legal threshold that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5506.4s	5506.4	 has to get figured out. Well, here it is, Chamath. You're nailing it exactly. It's a derivative work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5511.5s	5511.5	 and they did not have permission to use it. And it impedes upon the original authors, whether it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5517.3s	5517.3	 a photo, it's a song, it's a piece of code, it impedes upon their ability to do commerce in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5522.5s	5522.5	 world, you are interfering with their ability to monetize their content, and the percentage you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5526.7s	5526.7	 using is 100%. So when you get to fair use, non commercial use is very protected, parities protected,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5533.6s	5533.6	 education's protected. But when you dip into using the entirety of the work, which they're doing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5540.4s	5540.4	 and you impede upon the person's ability to commerce, and you confuse the public,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5544.7s	5544.7	 well, this is why I test that they will fail, fail, fail. This is why I think that most people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5548.8s	5548.8	 don't understand what AI is. They don't even understand the difference between training and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5552.0s	5552.0	 inference. So hopefully, there is some more understanding of this. But if you use the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5557.8s	5557.8	 data set, you will eventually converge to the same outputs absent of hand tuning weights,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5564.6s	5564.6	 which has its own issues, and absent any asymmetrically different data that you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5571.3s	5571.3	 that nobody else has. Absolutely. Yes. So if you are Apple, and you have the watch data,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5576.8s	5576.8	 or you're Google, and you have the search data, or you're a weather company, you have the weather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5580.1s	5580.1	 data, and you're a proprietary, of course, there's a very easy solution to this, Jamath. Number one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5585.1s	5585.1	 citations. When the algorithm gives you an answer, it should say, what were the top percentage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5591.0s	5591.0	 sources of this information? How did the AI use other people?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5594.8s	5594.8	 Look, if you look inside of a transformer, the problem is, okay, that you're going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5598.8s	5598.8	 trillions of ranks, trillions of weights, trillions. And so how are you going to decide how to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5605.0s	5605.0	 draw a line under a threshold? This was actually a useful input, and this was not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5610.3s	5610.3	 So again, I just think that- It's hard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5612.2s	5612.2	 A very few small class of people actually understand this. The great person to actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5616.4s	5616.4	 bring in to talk about this would be Andrej Karpov, if he's not. And I think because Andrej
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5620.7s	5620.7	 was there, and at Tesla, but he can say it in a very dispassionate way to explain this to people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5626.3s	5626.3	 I think would be useful. We should ask him to come on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5628.7s	5628.7	 Yeah, for sure. I can ask him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5631.2s	5631.2	 This is Brad. The law, Sachs, you're an attorney, you understand fair use, copyright, all this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5637.0s	5637.0	 The law, correct me if I'm wrong here, Sachs, does not anticipate this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5641.1s	5641.1	 Look, this is a highly specialized area. I don't want to pretend like I understand the law in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5644.9s	5644.9	 area. I'd want to talk to a specialist. Yeah. Okay. So anybody-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5649.3s	5649.3	 Let's have this conversation because I think- Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5651.4s	5651.4	 This is a great, juicy discussion. I think there's more work for us to talk about because-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5655.2s	5655.2	 All right. This is probably why, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5657.2s	5657.2	 they started as open source, because it was a slam dunk thing to make this a non-profit and open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5662.8s	5662.8	 source everything, maybe in part because of these issues. But if you just let the code run free,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5670.7s	5670.7	 you probably don't have to even deal with these issues, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5674.0s	5674.0	 Well, they closed it. Remember their claim, the claim was, this is too dangerous. Their original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5679.1s	5679.1	 claim was, it's too dangerous for people to not see the code. Then Sam flipped on that and he said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5683.7s	5683.7	 it's too dangerous for people to see the code. And it started out as a non-profit where the idea was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5688.8s	5688.8	 the way to keep this safe is for everybody to see the code, but they didn't make any money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5694.0s	5694.0	 Whatever it is- Then they went private and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5695.4s	5695.4	 flipped the decision. So keep that in mind as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5697.6s	5697.6	 He's a very, very, very clever business person. He's savvy and-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5703.0s	5703.0	 Yeah. You know, Paul Graham, when Paul Graham picked Sam to run YC, Paul Graham said that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5708.3s	5708.3	 this is the most impressive person I've met since Steve Jobs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5711.3s	5711.3	 Yeah. Remember that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5712.4s	5712.4	 Come on the pot. I do remember that. Paul said something similar about Gary Tan is now running
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5716.3s	5716.3	 YC starting this week. Sam Altman, friend of the pot, come on all in anytime.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5720.0s	5720.0	 And has played in our poker game several times, many times.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5722.8s	5722.8	 Yes. We had a tough situation there where you interfered in the hand, if you remember.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5728.2s	5728.2	 All right. Listen. This is bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5729.5s	5729.5	 Wait, what happened? What happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5731.1s	5731.1	 There was a, Sam and I were in a hand of poker. He raised, I had two pair and I'm trying to figure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5737.2s	5737.2	 out does he have a set or is he bluffing me? I think he's got top pair. And you were like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5740.6s	5740.6	 oh, look at this. And you started commenting on the hand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5742.9s	5742.9	 Oh my God. I remember this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5743.5s	5743.5	 And I hadn't made the call or not yet. And I'm like, and I'm like, Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5747.6s	5747.6	 for my LaBouche, let's stop talking here because I'm trying to, I'm playing hand. I'm like, okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5752.8s	5752.8	 Sam would get, and I basically came to the conclusion, Sam would get delight, great delight,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5756.3s	5756.3	 bluffing me off a hand and he's a risk taker. He knows I'm conservative. He knows he's a risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5759.7s	5759.7	 taker. I'm going to call here with my, I had bottom two. I'm like, does he have a set? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5764.4s	5764.4	 there was also a straight on the board. I'm like, fuck it. At best I'm, you know, even money here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5771.4s	5771.4	 And there was a lot in the pot. So I was just doing the pot odds. While I'm doing the pot odds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5774.1s	5774.1	 you were like, which is usually me. I'm usually the one being reprimanded for talking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5781.5s	5781.5	 But it was notable. I listen. Love you besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5783.9s	5783.9	 Why don't you tell people that there's no comments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5786.0s	5786.0	 And just as a programming note, we turned off comments for a couple of weeks on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5790.0s	5790.0	 YouTube just to see how it's psychological effects me and for Chamath to just F with all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5794.6s	5794.6	 you Brigadunas. We love you besties. This has been a great episode. Two great, and his Twitter is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5803.4s	5803.4	 at Chamath and he doesn't read it. Just so everyone listening know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5806.2s	5806.2	 Sax and I voted against turning off comments. Just as a heads up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5809.8s	5809.8	 I voted in favor of whatever got Chamath's vote for the All In Summit 23. So that's how I vote.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5815.2s	5815.2	 This is horse trading now, but the podcast has never been better. Besties spending time together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5820.9s	5820.9	 on the slopes is the cure to all evils. We'll see you next time. Love you besties. Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5825.4s	5825.4	 Love you guys. Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5834.3s	5834.3	 Oh, and it said we open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5839.4s	5839.4	 Love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5839.8s	5839.8	 West. I'm queen of Ken.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5848.3s	5848.3	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5850.8s	5850.8	 That is my dog.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5855.9s	5855.9	 Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5856.8s	5856.8	 My half a dash will meet me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5858.7s	5858.7	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5862.7s	5862.7	 like this, like sexual tension, but they just need to release them out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5866.8s	5866.8	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5867.1s	5867.1	 You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5868.2s	5868.2	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5868.9s	5868.9	 You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5869.6s	5869.6	 You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5870.1s	5870.1	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5870.1s	5870.1	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5870.9s	5870.9	 That's gonna be good. We need to get merch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5872.8s	5872.8	 Besties are back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5873.6s	5873.6	 I'm doing all in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3UjMit3xGY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=12&t=5881.4s	5881.4	 I'm doing all in.
