https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=0.0s	0.0	 All right, everybody. Welcome to the All In Podcast. We're back. Thanks to Freeberg and Sax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=5.6s	5.6	 for moderating the show into the lowest ratings in its history.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=13.2s	13.2	 Hold on, hold on. Please give the keyboard warriors that are their bot armies some respite here. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=18.8s	18.8	 tried their best. It just didn't work. They just, it's okay. I think the ratings of the last episode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=23.5s	23.5	 must be a result of Google downranking us as a result of our honesty about not wanting to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=29.8s	29.8	 get more boosters. You're on the Brigadoon track. Cause somebody at Google, some lower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=34.2s	34.2	 level functionary to push a button to shadow ban, I mean, visibility filter us. It's everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=40.4s	40.4	 except the moderation skills of the two Davids. Yeah, no way it's the moderator turning it into Fox Sunday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=44.6s	44.6	 Can't be that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=59.8s	59.8	 The reaction I got from our COVID vaccine discussion was, hey, pretty fair and balanced.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=66.6s	66.6	 Like not in a, in a joking way, but like actually like, yeah, the warning on YouTube was pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=71.0s	71.0	 benign actually. Yeah. It's like, if you want COVID information, click here. Thank you. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=75.0s	75.0	 Let's talk about the market data. The fed raised 25 basis points. The market obviously has ripped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=79.8s	79.8	 since then the jobs data this morning was crazy. We added 517,000 jobs, more than two X to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=89.7s	89.7	 December and well above the estimates of 188,000 jobs. The fed I think is starting to realize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=97.3s	97.3	 they can, obviously impact inflation and slow down speculative assets, but they're having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=103.4s	103.4	 a very hard time with the labor market. Obviously labor participation actually is growing. We've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=108.7s	108.7	 talked about that many times here. It's bumped up to 62.4%. We all know it peaked at like maybe 69%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=115.2s	115.2	 during the 2000 time period wage growth though, continuing to slow. So that is some good news
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=122.2s	122.2	 there. And obviously risk on assets are ripping the last couple of days. Tramont, what's your take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=128.2s	128.2	 on where we are with the market and the fed's action, which people are starting to believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=133.3s	133.3	 will be another 25 basis point hike, and then maybe staying high for the rest of the year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=139.0s	139.0	 Did you hear their comments? You think dovish what's your take on the market?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=142.8s	142.8	 I watched Powell's speech and it was really amazing because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=149.7s	149.7	 in December he was extremely hawkish. And he was basically like, listen, we're going to keep rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=155.0s	155.0	 higher than you like and longer than you want. And that was pretty clear and the markets reacted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=161.4s	161.4	 And then not but 35, 40 days later, he essentially said we have two 25 basis point hikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=168.7s	168.7	 left to go. And he's going to try to stick the landing essentially. And even though the rest of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=175.8s	175.8	 the language in his entire speech and the press conference, if you read it in the absence of his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=182.2s	182.2	 body language, so if you just read the transcript would seem very hawkish as well. But the reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=187.5s	187.5	 was he basically capitulated and then the market essentially said, okay, we're at the end of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=192.7s	192.7	 thing. And we've talked about this before, but markets tend to bottom six to nine months before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=198.2s	198.2	 it's clear that you could have done this. And so we're a little bit off to the races in the short
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=203.8s	203.8	 term. It's compounded by a couple of other factors. One is that at the end of last year, so many people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=210.1s	210.1	 were tax loss harvesting, which means if you had some gains somewhere else, you sold some things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=214.6s	214.6	 that were losing money so that you could net the two together. You saw a lot of stocks Tesla was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=219.1s	219.1	 probably the poster child for this trade all the way down to like $108 a share and it's effectively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=225.0s	225.0	 doubled in the last 30 days. Right? So everybody tax loss harvested, everybody degrossed, nobody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=230.1s	230.1	 was really owning anything. And then when Powell basically said we're mostly done, there's been so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=236.1s	236.1	 much systematic buying right now that nobody's really well positioned. To me, this is very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=242.9s	242.9	 similar and eerily reminiscent of the end of 2018 and beginning of 2019. And if you guys remember,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=247.8s	247.8	 at the end of 2018, October, November, December, the markets just fell. And part of it was Powell's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=255.3s	255.3	 going to raise rates, inflation is getting out of control, etc, etc. And then we got all this data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=260.8s	260.8	 that said China may be entering a real period of malaise. And Powell capitulated, again, trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=267.4s	267.4	 stick the landing. And long story short, he didn't. That was a head fake. And the markets just ripped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=274.9s	274.9	 higher. Then we went into the COVID pandemic and all that stuff happened. So I think we're about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=280.5s	280.5	 to replay a little bit of that at least in the next 30 to 90 days. The pain trade is to go up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=286.5s	286.5	 So that's probably where we go. Here's the Fed Fund rates chart from 2000 and into the 2008 recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=293.0s	293.0	 And you see just, you know, to Trimot's point in 2019, that little step up to 2%. And then this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=300.5s	300.5	 dramatic step up that we've been on up to four and a half or so. Sachs, is this where the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=308.7s	308.7	 pauses? Do you think they cut? And what overall effect is this going to have on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=313.1s	313.1	 venture capital on the startup market, which is super important to us?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=317.3s	317.3	 I think we're in the whipsaw economy here. Just a month ago, sentiment was incredibly negative.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=323.2s	323.2	 On this show, we were predicting for the year that we were looking at the Fed Fund's rate going from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=328.3s	328.3	 four and a half percent to say five and a half percent, 250 point increases. The belief was that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=335.7s	335.7	 we were going to have a recession later this year. I think that was pretty much consensus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=341.3s	341.3	 And now three weeks later, you had a situation in which we got a couple of really good inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=346.1s	346.1	 reports. So all of a sudden, the consensus changed to we're not going to need to raise rates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=352.1s	352.1	 you know, to five and a half percent. Maybe we only get one or two more quarter point rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=357.5s	357.5	 And the market just ripped on the belief that inflation was in the rear view mirror.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=362.0s	362.0	 The problem had been licked. And now we can just kind of move forward. And the Fed seemed to confirm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=367.5s	367.5	 that just yesterday with a quarter point rate increase. And now today, we have this wild
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=374.8s	374.8	 jobs report with over half a million new jobs. The expectation was only 100,000. And so now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=380.6s	380.6	 all of a sudden, people are wondering, wait a second, does this mean that labor costs are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=384.9s	384.9	 going to go back up, that the economy is overheating, and now the Fed's going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=388.9s	388.9	 to raise more? So I would say literally from week to week, we're being whipsawed between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=393.8s	393.8	 expectations of whether inflation has been conquered or not, whether the economy is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=400.1s	400.1	 to have a recession or not. And I think probably where we're sitting at this moment is you'd have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=406.7s	406.7	 to say that the risks of inflation returning are slightly higher, but the risks of a recession are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=412.6s	412.6	 slightly lower because with this kind of jobs report, better chance of having a soft landing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=417.8s	417.8	 here. It's very hard, in other words, to have a recession if people are employed, if people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=423.8s	423.8	 are employed. Especially when you're down to 3.4%. Yeah, exactly. So 50-year low. Right. So I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=430.7s	430.7	 think that we're in a highly volatile economy and it's very hard to predict the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=436.5s	436.5	 I'd say that relative to where we were a month ago, you'd have to say that the odds of us having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=443.3s	443.3	 a soft landing this year are quite a bit better than they were just a few weeks ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=447.4s	447.4	 All right, Freiburg, when we look at this employment picture, it does seem people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=451.8s	451.8	 going back to work. It seems maybe indicative of people blew through their savings. We talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=456.1s	456.1	 about this. You've been harping on and on previous episodes about people doing personal debt, buy now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=461.7s	461.7	 pay later. Is a possible thesis here that people YOLO'd for so long, post pandemic, Coachella,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=469.0s	469.0	 vacations, et cetera, that maybe they whiffed through their savings. It seems like we've burned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=474.0s	474.0	 off a trillion in savings or something like that and the debt's going up. So now people maybe need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=477.8s	477.8	 to go back to work and they're finally capitulating and taking jobs. Do you think that's what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=482.4s	482.4	 actually happening here? I don't know if I would classify that. I mean, there's obvious, a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=487.0s	487.0	 this stuff is on the margin. The one challenge, Larry Summers has been harping on since last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=493.1s	493.1	 spring all the way through the summer and the fall. And in multiple kind of interviews and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=500.9s	500.9	 publications he's done, he's ex-US Treasury Secretary, obviously brilliant economist,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=506.8s	506.8	 that the US needs to have a 5% to 6% jobless rate for five years in order for us to really get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=512.6s	512.6	 the inflation rate target of 2% to 3% or below 2%. And so, the economists and the macro guys that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=520.9s	520.9	 are tracking their jobs report today are, I think the indication is we're not there yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=528.5s	528.5	 And that the implication of a tight job market is wages go up and wages go up, inflation goes up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=534.7s	534.7	 and because companies need to charge more because they have to pay more to get talent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=539.0s	539.0	 And this obviously continues to support the escalatory spiral that drives inflation. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=545.3s	545.3	 that's the kind of downside to the jobs report today that I think a lot of folks are watching.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=551.7s	551.7	 The Fed mentioned over and over again deflation. So, any impact there? Shamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=555.9s	555.9	 you think we're going to see prices start to crater? What impact would that have on the market?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=561.4s	561.4	 I think Sax is right. I think the marginal risk here is for this whipsawing. So, we have a period
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=567.1s	567.1	 now which is disinflationary. But the problem is if the stock market keeps going up and all of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=574.7s	574.7	 sudden we have less restrictive monetary conditions, then we're going to be back at the same place we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=580.6s	580.6	 were before, which is money sloshing around into all kinds of risky assets or more money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=586.8s	586.8	 There's still an enormous amount of money sitting on the sidelines that has to come into the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=591.0s	591.0	 now if this thing keeps going higher. So, we're in a delicate moment. And if we reignite inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=597.1s	597.1	 because all of a sudden more companies have more liquidity that they can tap, right? More money they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=603.8s	603.8	 can raise, more money as a result that they can spend. Because we don't have this first inflationary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=610.3s	610.3	 cycle under control, there could be a risk that we reignite inflation. And so then they have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=616.7s	616.7	 capitulate, the Fed has to capitulate again and start another hiking cycle. So, I think it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=622.6s	622.6	 complicated moment. I think all of the smart money in Wall Street that I talked to up until this point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=628.6s	628.6	 they forecasted like this period would be choppy. And the second half of the year would be really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=633.4s	633.4	 robust and like you need it to be super long and things were going to be incredible. And when I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=637.6s	637.6	 talked to them this week, they're like, Oh, God, we weren't positioned for this. We had no risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=642.3s	642.3	 going into this. We're going to be forced buyers. There's a bunch of companies that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=646.4s	646.4	 whispering that they want to go public now. Oh, really? Hmm. The big banks have been calling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=652.5s	652.5	 around trying to book build quietly for some IPOs. And so if they try to kind of crack this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=659.0s	659.0	 capital markets open, I think there's again, the marginal risk will be that we do whipsaw.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=667.9s	667.9	 When you say book build, you mean trying to see if you'll get some early takers to buy equity in an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=672.5s	672.5	 IPO, perhaps even in a company like Stripe that's been sitting on the sideline. So not Stripe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=677.7s	677.7	 they're in a complicated moment. But when they called the book build, they basically say, Hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=681.4s	681.4	 listen, XYZ company, quiet filed, look at the S1. What do you think? Where's the price, blah, blah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=688.7s	688.7	 and they're trying to get an indication of whether you'd want to be in the IPO book. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=692.8s	692.8	 I think that there's a lot of those testing the waters that are now starting again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=697.1s	697.1	 Would there be an appetite in your mind for an IPO in the second quarter of like a Stripe type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=703.0s	703.0	 company? But you know, I don't know what the other candidates are the lead candidates, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=706.7s	706.7	 Stripe is when people talk about most. The thing that we have to think about is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=710.6s	710.6	 most of the market are not people, right? Most of the market are computers and algorithms and ETFs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=715.0s	715.0	 It's an extremely formulaic buying model. Do you have components of an index, those represent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=721.6s	721.6	 certain percentages, you have to own those percentages to be relevant as that index.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=726.5s	726.5	 And so it's this reinforced buying loop, as well as a reinforced selling loop, right? So when things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=732.2s	732.2	 start moving, those folks have to just systematically move money in all the humans know that so the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=739.4s	739.4	 humans tend to front run all the computers, and they basically are the ones that sell into these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=743.8s	743.8	 guys. And then that's what inflates these prices. Similarly, on the way down, humans try to front
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=748.7s	748.7	 run it by being short into that stuff. So we could see the capital markets open, even if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=755.8s	755.8	 don't, it's actually the worst scenario because now you have all this money going into a fewer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=760.9s	760.9	 number of names. That sort of explains Facebook has doubled in in 3060 days. Yeah, it was about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=767.1s	767.1	 to Tesla Tesla has doubled in 30, you know, 3060 days. A lot of the tech stocks like high beta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=773.1s	773.1	 stocks that we are all, you know, helping to build those companies have just absolutely ripped 60 to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=778.9s	778.9	 100%. These are not healthy and normal moves. And so the question is what happens if inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=788.5s	788.5	 somehow all of a sudden pokes itself back up right now, it doesn't look like it is and power was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=792.7s	792.7	 clear. And it's true. We're in a deflation. Deflation 11 times during his very clear use of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=799.0s	799.0	 language. That's why the market rips. I mean, basically, that was all part of a narrative where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=804.1s	804.1	 inflation is on its way out. We've looked at problem. And that's what the market was pricing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=809.8s	809.8	 in. And I think now the question is, in light of today's jobs report, is that actually true or not?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=816.3s	816.3	 And I'm sorry, disinflation, not deflation, disinflation. Yeah, I think, you know, one way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=821.2s	821.2	 to look at this is, Jay, how you showed the chart of the Fed funds rate. Another chart is the yield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=826.6s	826.6	 curve. Could we just pull up the yield curve for a second? This is the yield on US treasuries on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=831.9s	831.9	 you know, RT bills. And one way to look at this is as a prediction market of where the market thinks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=839.1s	839.1	 interest rates are going, because the Fed sets the rate for the Fed's funds rate, which is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=844.6s	844.6	 overnight rate of lending to banks, but they do not set the rate of, you know, three months,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=850.2s	850.2	 six months, bonds, 10 year bonds, and so on. The market does because the market trades those bonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=856.0s	856.0	 and it imputes a yield that the market requires to want to hold those bonds. So what's interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=862.9s	862.9	 is that if you view the yield curve as a, again, as a prediction market, it tells you at any given
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=869.0s	869.0	 time what the collective wisdom is of the market. Now, this thing is fluctuating, moving all the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=874.2s	874.2	 So that collective wisdom is changing. But where things are today, it's pretty interesting. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=879.2s	879.2	 looks like what the market is saying is that within the next six months, the rate peaks at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=885.1s	885.1	 4.75%. So Nick, if you just want to hold the mouse on the six month dot, you'll see it's 4.76%. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=894.2s	894.2	 basically the market is predicting we get maybe one more quarter point, roughly, not much. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=900.5s	900.5	 then if you go to the two year, it's at 4.09. So a little over 4%. So what the market is actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=908.7s	908.7	 predicting is that over the next two years, we're actually going to get a 50 basis point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=913.9s	913.9	 decrease from the Fed. And then if you go to say the five year or the 10 year, we're at 3.5%. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=921.0s	921.0	 the market is basically saying that long term rates are going to stabilize at 3.5%. We're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=926.6s	926.6	 going back to the abnormal zero interest rate policy or ZERP that they have for 10 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=932.0s	932.0	 3.5% will be the long term stable, you know, cost of money. But you can see that the market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=939.6s	939.6	 the prediction market thinks that the Fed has done enough to combat inflation because the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=945.5s	945.5	 funds right now basically is where the bond market thinks it should be. And in fact, the bond market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=951.4s	951.4	 thinks it's coming down over the next two years. But coming down to what would be 3.5% in a world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=958.4s	958.4	 that we've lived in for largely over the 14 years of this bull run, the majority of that was at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=964.2s	964.2	 close to zero or zero. Right. And that's why we're never going back to the bubble of 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=969.1s	969.1	 where SaaS companies are trading at 100 times ARR. We're going to go back to an environment more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=974.1s	974.1	 like a more normal one where valuations are more like the 2017 valuation, something like that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=979.1s	979.1	 What does- By the way, it's 3.5% is not a bad-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=982.3s	982.3	 It's still a great deal. Still a great deal if you got your mortgage at that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=985.1s	985.1	 If you listen to Buffett, Buffett's teacher, this guy, Ben Graham, in Ben Graham's book,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=990.0s	990.0	 the way that he would look at a stock, and obviously, look, things have changed. But the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=993.4s	993.4	 way that he would look at a stock is he would look at that risk-free rate, he would double it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=998.8s	998.8	 And then the inverse of that is the maximum price to earnings ratio that he would pay for a stock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1004.2s	1004.2	 Right. That's the trade-off is if you can get more than two times the risk-free rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1008.2s	1008.2	 then it's worth owning a company. What that means is that if you take 3.5% as a terminal rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1015.8s	1015.8	 the right PE is around 14 for the S&P 500. Right now, the S&P 500 trades at 22 times PE,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1021.8s	1021.8	 which would mean that we are 50% overvalued. Now, again, that's a Benjamin Graham model,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1026.4s	1026.4	 and I think the world has pretty cleanly moved away from it. But there's probably some rooting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1032.5s	1032.5	 in that intellectual framework that's still valuable. And to your point, David,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1037.0s	1037.0	 it just reinforces that, man, we need to start to learn a new regime here because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1042.4s	1042.4	 when rates are not zero, there is just a lot of excess that you can't support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1046.8s	1046.8	 because the alternative trade-offs for investors are plentiful. And plowing money into a money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1053.8s	1053.8	 losing startup becomes less attractive. And to just give people some background,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1057.8s	1057.8	 that's the Intelligent Investor was that book, I believe. And he was talking about value investing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1061.9s	1061.9	 which is, hey, what's the earning per share? What's the ratio? What's the PE? And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1067.3s	1067.3	 something that growth and momentum investing has been the opposite of. And this is a could be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1072.8s	1072.8	 I think you wrote a blog post about this, Jamath, sort of the regime change. If you look at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1076.6s	1076.6	 Googles, the Facebooks, the Apples, Amazons is a little bit of an exception here. Those companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1084.0s	1084.0	 printed money. They had profits. They built up large cash reserves. If we look at the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1089.4s	1089.4	 cohort of companies, Airbnbs, Coinbases, Ubers, et cetera, they focused on the top line growth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1096.0s	1096.0	 much like the Amazon, which was a very obscure approach. Correct, Jamath, in the history of this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1102.3s	1102.3	 Nick, do you want to just throw up this chart? We did a little analysis over here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1106.0s	1106.0	 and it was just basically looking back 60 years of company formation. We looked at all of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1111.6s	1111.6	 100 most valuable public company startups, and we indexed that to the 10-year interest rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1117.7s	1117.7	 So what are we looking at here, Jamath, with this chart?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1119.5s	1119.5	 Basically, we went back from 1960 onwards, so basically 63 years. What this shows you is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1131.2s	1131.2	 the 100 most valuable public technology companies, then the size of the circle here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1136.2s	1136.2	 is their market cap. Then it's overlaid on top of the 10-year interest rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1143.3s	1143.3	 as well as gray bars for recessions. So what is this graphic meant to illustrate? Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1149.4s	1149.4	 it just was for us to study, is there a correlation between the value of companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1157.0s	1157.0	 and what the interest rates were, what the economy was doing at the time?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1160.7s	1160.7	 And to your point, Jason, the trend is pretty starkly made on this chart, which is that if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1167.5s	1167.5	 you are a company that was founded in a period of austerity, you had the ability in general to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1175.1s	1175.1	 build a much larger company than that which was founded in a period of wealth and excess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1182.5s	1182.5	 So when you look at when rates were sort of approaching zero or were zero, there was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1187.9s	1187.9	 lot of really successful companies. They're listed here in the light gray on the right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1192.2s	1192.2	 but none of those things really represent the success that these other companies had. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1195.7s	1195.7	 the first interesting takeaway. The second interesting takeaway, though, from this has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1200.2s	1200.2	 nothing to do with rates per se, but it is that when rates intersect with the emergence of huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1207.9s	1207.9	 technology trends. So in the case of the 1970s, it was the PC revolution. In the case of the late
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1214.4s	1214.4	 1990s, it was the internet revolution. Those two things, which required enormous progress in both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1222.7s	1222.7	 physical infrastructures, so atoms as well as software infrastructure bits, when you put those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1227.7s	1227.7	 two things together, those also created big companies. And so if you add that all up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1233.2s	1233.2	 the point is that whenever you see huge tectonic shifts in technology, combined with periods of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1239.4s	1239.4	 austerity, that's when the gargantuan dollars are made. So in the 1970s, companies like Microsoft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1246.0s	1246.0	 and Apple from the get go had to be profitable. Right. And in the absence of one very important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1252.3s	1252.3	 round of financing that Amazon was able to close. The next big wad of companies were founded again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1258.1s	1258.1	 in rising rates where they just had to get profitable or find a way to be positive free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1261.7s	1261.7	 cash flow or have positive working capital faster than anybody else. So these are like really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1268.2s	1268.2	 interesting trends that I think just say that as rates creep back up, and if we can intersect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1274.4s	1274.4	 that with some improvements in technology over the next five to 10 years that we've all talked about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1279.2s	1279.2	 it could be a real boon for startups and startup investing. It would mean people are a little more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1284.0s	1284.0	 resilient, a little more hardcore to use a term. Freeberg, what are your thoughts on this analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1288.6s	1288.6	 by social capital? It's interesting. I mean, I think there's probably two ways you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1293.8s	1293.8	 interpret this. One is in an era of excess capital, all the capital gets competed away.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1299.8s	1299.8	 And so you pay more salaries, you have, it's harder to get high quality talent, you make a lower margin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1307.8s	1307.8	 etc, etc. It's much more kind of competitive on the ground. And then another one is just obviously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1312.8s	1312.8	 kind of like evolutionary fitness. When there's less capital, investors are more selective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1318.9s	1318.9	 I think what might make this era a little bit different than the past is just the amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1324.5s	1324.5	 termed dry powder sitting on the sidelines right now. So the total VC capital raised last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1332.2s	1332.2	 I think, was a record high. That means there's a lot more cash that needs to kind of be deployed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1336.8s	1336.8	 in the next 12 to 36 months than has ever been deployed in the history of venture,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1344.1s	1344.1	 if that holds true. So that may be kind of a counterbalancing effect here where it may take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1349.9s	1349.9	 three years before that effect plays out, where there's more of a dearth of capital. It's certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1354.6s	1354.6	 the case that institutional investors, endowments, pension funds, traditional family office, LPs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1360.2s	1360.2	 and venture funds are making far fewer commitments this year to new funds, as I think we all know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1368.7s	1368.7	 And that tightening will play out in the venture funds that will get raised for this vintage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1373.4s	1373.4	 the next vintage, and so on. And so maybe that kind of evolutionary fitness concept starts to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1377.8s	1377.8	 play out later. And sizing, and sizing, and sizing. I think there's also this like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1383.3s	1383.3	 we talked about this on our text screen, but the venture business of the last 15 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1391.2s	1391.2	 everyone since 2008, everyone's been trained. And all the younger people that have come up and are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1397.0s	1397.0	 now partners and running the firms on an environment of momentum investing, rather than fundamental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1403.4s	1403.4	 investing. And so there is also a question of how fit the investors are for a market space,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1411.9s	1411.9	 where valuations are flat, or descending, or the decision whether or not to invest is no longer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1418.2s	1418.2	 driven by who else is investing and how much is the company growing and how much is their valuation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1423.0s	1423.0	 going up. But it's much more about kind of the fundamental performance of the business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1429.1s	1429.1	 Does this match what you're seeing on the ground, Sax? Are people being more dogmatic, pragmatic?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1435.9s	1435.9	 Are the capital allocators really sharpening the knives and looking at these businesses a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1442.0s	1442.0	 way? Has it actually hit the streets? Yes, there's a record amount of money venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1446.7s	1446.7	 capital has raised over the last couple of years, but it's going to be deployed much more slowly and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1452.2s	1452.2	 carefully over the next, say, three or four years than it was over the previous few years. So divide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1458.8s	1458.8	 that amount of money by three or four, because the pace of deployment is going to go way down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1465.8s	1465.8	 And so, yeah, I think people are going to be more careful and going to take longer to make decisions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1469.4s	1469.4	 I think it's going to be much, much harder for new funds to get started. All of the hype around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1476.1s	1476.1	 solo capitalists and all these seed funds and micro VCs and all this kind of stuff, I think a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1482.7s	1482.7	 lot of that's going to get washed away. I think in hindsight, a lot of that was a product of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1487.4s	1487.4	 bubble. And yeah, I think you're going to be in for a period of some retrenchment in VC. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1494.5s	1494.5	 think that's good. I mean, I think to the point of Chamath's study that the counterintuitive finding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1501.1s	1501.1	 in his study was that great companies are created during times when we're not in a bubble and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1509.3s	1509.3	 capital is sloshing around everywhere, but when you're in an environment of moderate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1514.8s	1514.8	 capital availability. And I think the point is that we all have to be under some stress,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1520.4s	1520.4	 right? That's what evolution requires is, you know, if an ecosystem or an organism is not under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1527.2s	1527.2	 stress, they have no pressure to evolve and become fitter and compete. And I think that's what makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1534.2s	1534.2	 our industry and our ecosystem very adaptive over time is that it's constantly, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1540.6s	1540.6	 it does face survival pressures, but over the last several years, all the survival pressures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1545.5s	1545.5	 were taken away because anybody could raise money. And there was always another bridge available.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1550.8s	1550.8	 There was always some extension and there was no some convertible note to be done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1555.7s	1555.7	 There was no reckoning. You know, a lot of these companies just seem to, you know, get another 12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1560.1s	1560.1	 months of runway, another 12 months of runway. Founders learned so many bad habits during that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1563.7s	1563.7	 period of time and so much entitlement and excess built up in the system during that time. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1570.6s	1570.6	 think now we're seeing that a lot of that is working its way out. I mean, just look at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1577.3s	1577.3	 Facebook results the other day. Let's talk about Facebook as an example, because here you have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1582.4s	1582.4	 company where the stock over the past year had been pounded. It was like down over 50%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1588.4s	1588.4	 And the market did not like its answers around the capital investments it was making. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1595.0s	1595.0	 Brad Gerstner, our friend, wrote that letter encouraging them to get much more efficient.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1600.2s	1600.2	 And then they did that. And they basically started doing some rifts and basically just getting much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1605.4s	1605.4	 more efficient in what they're doing and specifically taking out layers and layers of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1609.7s	1609.7	 middle management. I mean, that was really the big thing. So they kind of took a page out of Elon's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1614.3s	1614.3	 book in terms of what Elon had done at Twitter. I mean, not nearly to that extent, because I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1619.9s	1619.9	 think they needed to, but they targeted this idea of we have too many layers in the company, too many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1624.8s	1624.8	 mid-level managers and the stock ripped just, what was it, like up 20, 25% yesterday?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1629.9s	1629.9	 Yeah, in a day. And they're up to, I actually bought it based, the day they had the layoffs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1636.9s	1636.9	 I put in a buy order and it was closed at $94 and now it's at 193. And FedEx, of all places,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1645.9s	1645.9	 is laying off 10% of its officers and directors. So the idea now is, hey, in the senior ranks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1653.1s	1653.1	 what is the inefficiency there? How do we get more doers, more people who actually are building or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1659.5s	1659.5	 operating the companies to take the reins and get rid of this, as you're saying, middle management,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1666.2s	1666.2	 this waste that companies have? Let me tell you specifically the problem that builds up in these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1670.6s	1670.6	 companies is that everybody wants to be a manager. And so you can't just come at this problem by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1676.9s	1676.9	 saying we're going to increase the number of reports that each manager has from five to 10.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1681.1s	1681.1	 That doesn't work because let me tell you what happens is that every individual contributor who's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1686.0s	1686.0	 a star thinks that their career advancement requires them to manage a team. So what happens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1691.3s	1691.3	 is you take that star IC and then you create a team around them. So that person then hires
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1696.7s	1696.7	 five people to manage and those five people are not a star. Yeah, they stop working. They just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1702.0s	1702.0	 start managing. Well, maybe you get like 20% more production out of that six person unit than you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1708.0s	1708.0	 would have just out of the star, but you're spending five times more money. So it makes no sense. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1713.3s	1713.3	 the problem is it cascades. So that IC becomes a manager. They hire five people. Then those five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1720.1s	1720.1	 people, one of them is a star and says, well, I want to be a manager on all the organizational
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1724.2s	1724.2	 pressures to keep building more and more teams and more and more layers. Here's the quote from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1729.4s	1729.4	 Mark Zuckerberg to illustrate your point from a recent all hands meeting. I don't think you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1734.3s	1734.3	 a management structure. That's just managers, managing managers, managing managers, managing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1738.2s	1738.2	 managers, managing the people who are doing the work. Yes. It's the problem of infinite delegation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1743.8s	1743.8	 Every like star builds a team around them to delegate the work, but then they hire a team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1748.4s	1748.4	 to delegate the work to. And pretty soon the most junior interns in the company are doing all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1753.4s	1753.4	 work and all the best people are just managing. So it's actually a huge problem. And I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1758.8s	1758.8	 I'd say that a lot of CEOs don't quite understand the problem because they think that all they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1762.6s	1762.6	 to do is increase the number of reports that managers have. It's not, you also have to reduce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1768.3s	1768.3	 the number of layers in the company. And just the ultimate example of this, just to put a point on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1773.7s	1773.7	 it was at Twitter. What we saw is that when Elon went in to basically do a riff at Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1782.0s	1782.0	 the first question he asked in the engineering department is who's checked in code. And they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1786.7s	1786.7	 looked at the code repository and over 50% of the engineering department had not checked in code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1792.1s	1792.1	 in months. And you want to know the reason for that is because the engineers were told that if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1797.7s	1797.7	 you want to be a manager in this company, you don't code. Managers don't code only ICs code.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1803.4s	1803.4	 And no one wants to be an IC, no one ambitious wants to be an IC. They all want to get promoted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1808.2s	1808.2	 So it all gets explained what an IC is, just individual contributor. Yeah. So the whole thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1812.6s	1812.6	 turned upside down because of this idea that again, ambitious people want to be managers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1817.4s	1817.4	 and managers don't do the real work. Yeah. It's a cowboy. So you don't know how to ride horses. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1821.4s	1821.4	 like, it's a dangerous precedent to set. What are your takeaways, Chamath from what happened at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1829.2s	1829.2	 Facebook when you look at it and the pressure that was put on the ripping of the stock,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1834.0s	1834.0	 even though they're down 2% year over year in terms of advertising revenue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1837.9s	1837.9	 There's a guy on my team sent me this chart. He did a pretty detailed technical analysis of Facebook.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1845.1s	1845.1	 Nick, can you please put that image up there? So basically this shows this is the first time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1853.2s	1853.2	 Facebook mentioned the word metaverse in Q2 of 21 on the earnings call. They mentioned it 20 times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1861.0s	1861.0	 and the gray line here is the stock price. So as they kept mentioning it, the stock price just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1865.8s	1865.8	 reacted. But Q4 of 22 was the first time that the word efficiency exceeded the word metaverse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1873.6s	1873.6	 And you saw the stock price rip up. So what's happened at Facebook is really interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1878.6s	1878.6	 because I think it transitioned to what's generally called an X growth company, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1883.7s	1883.7	 means that people are now looking at a business that has essentially gotten to its peak size.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1890.3s	1890.3	 And now what they're looking at is its ability to generate cashflow. The cashflow generation or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1896.6s	1896.6	 cashflow yield of the business was like three and a half percent, but they're making enormous cuts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1904.1s	1904.1	 both in capex as well as headcount over time. They're getting their expenses under control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1910.1s	1910.1	 and all of that should drive up their cash, free cashflow yield. And so I think why people got very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1915.5s	1915.5	 excited is there are very few X growth stocks that you can own that can just compound and crunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1922.4s	1922.4	 ginormous amounts of money. And these guys are in an incredible position to do it, you know, more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1927.8s	1927.8	 than a hundred plus billion dollars of revenue. And if you get these costs under control and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1933.0s	1933.0	 get efficient, get the employee base down to 30 or 40,000 over time, this is a thing that just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1939.7s	1939.7	 spits out just ginormous amounts of cash. And so-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1943.0s	1943.0	 So back to value investing and Warren Buffett, that means the earnings per share go way up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1947.7s	1947.7	 Yeah. You know, like the Facebook PE is quite modest actually. Now I actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1952.6s	1952.6	 put back in stock based comp and its PE is about 11.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1956.1s	1956.1	 It's still reasonable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1957.2s	1957.2	 If you go back to the Ben Graham analysis, this is a company that perfectly meets that criteria of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1963.5s	1963.5	 like, you can buy it at a PE, that's basically two times the risk free rate. And so I think it's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1970.2s	1970.2	 incredible stock now that you can own. Because if they keep grinding out all of these kind of free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1976.0s	1976.0	 cashflow gains, man, they'll just have enormous amounts of money. They already announced the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1980.5s	1980.5	 $40 billion buyback. You know, the thing to keep in mind is Apple had a moment like this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1986.0s	1986.0	 And when Apple went X growth, they did the brilliant thing, which is they said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1991.0s	1991.0	 we're going to borrow heavily and we're going to return cash. I may have posted this in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=1995.9s	1995.9	 group chat to you guys. By 2025, Apple will have exceeded $1 trillion of cash distributions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2004.6s	2004.6	 I mean, that is just nuts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2007.4s	2007.4	 Does that include buybacks in cash distributions?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2010.2s	2010.2	 Buybacks in dividends. And so Facebook now you can credibly see a path where Facebook could chunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2016.4s	2016.4	 out hundreds of billions of dollars of total shareholder value returned over the next four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2022.4s	2022.4	 or five years. And so, you know, for value investors, it's somewhat of a kind of a no brainer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2027.4s	2027.4	 I mean, nothing's a no brainer, but really, really attractive value fundamentals right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2032.7s	2032.7	 I mean, you did see Warren Buffett buying Apple. I think it's his largest position. You're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2036.5s	2036.5	 to see him probably do the same with Facebook. There was an interesting mass extinction event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2041.3s	2041.3	 tweet that went on that's related to all of this. Tom Leverio, a GP general partner at IVP,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2046.2s	2046.2	 which is a venture firm, tweeted the following thread, there is a mass extinction event coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2049.8s	2049.8	 for early and mid stage companies late 23 and 24. But make the 2008 financial crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2056.2s	2056.2	 look quaint for startups below. I explain when, how and why. And we'll start off with some detailed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2062.7s	2062.7	 advice. Basically, four and five, four in five early stage startups, he claims have less than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2067.6s	2067.6	 12 months of runway, according to a Q4 survey of 450 founders by January Ventures. He sees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2075.6s	2075.6	 late 23 24, when this will all come home to roost Mark Suester from upfront ventures,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2082.0s	2082.0	 friend of the pod, reply with the following precisely our internal analysis 5000 seed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2087.9s	2087.9	 2.5 million raised or above a and B companies, those are three different categories funded in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2093.7s	2093.7	 the last four years, we estimate 50% will go out of business. Loss ratios in the last seven years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2098.2s	2098.2	 have been artificially low due to excess capital, as we just discussed previously with the never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2104.4s	2104.4	 ending bridge, we've talked about this before, if you look back over 40 years of venture capital,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2109.1s	2109.1	 the average top quartile fund distributes 1.6 or 1.7 x the capital they raise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2115.9s	2115.9	 Even though now we've gone through a period where people have shown these unbelievable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2120.1s	2120.1	 markups, right, TVP eyes, the total value of paid in capital, distributions have not really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2126.9s	2126.9	 budged that much distributions are still modest, they're below two x. And so we have to go through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2132.2s	2132.2	 what's called mean reversion, right, we have to go back to the historic statistical average,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2137.4s	2137.4	 which means that a 50 to 60% mortality rate seems pretty reasonable. By the way, in the dot com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2144.6s	2144.6	 bubble, that's what we went through, you know, in 2001 to 2005, we had a 50% mortality rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2149.0s	2149.0	 at the seed stage. I mean, you kind of expect 70% to go out to series A, maybe a little bit less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2153.3s	2153.3	 free bird, what are you seeing on the streets? You're investing in startups? Yeah, look, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2157.9s	2157.9	 that there's is there an opportunity, by the way, also in here. So what are you seeing? But is there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2161.5s	2161.5	 an opportunity in this group of this cohort of companies, which seem to be upside down and or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2168.0s	2168.0	 in a tsunami right now? This cohort of companies, I think, generally is overburdened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2175.9s	2175.9	 with feature orientation and short term ism, more than you would see in an era of reduced capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2185.5s	2185.5	 rather than excess capital. And what I mean by that is a lot of companies built a business or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2190.5s	2190.5	 built a product that allowed them to show traction in the market faster. And typically, those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2196.9s	2196.9	 products that are easier kind of paths to market, end up being features, they don't end up being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2201.5s	2201.5	 platforms. So it's very hard to become a big business or to become a scaling business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2205.4s	2205.4	 or to differentiate in a competitive market. That's a generalized that's a very general
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2209.3s	2209.3	 statement. But I think, you know, when you miss out on the platform play, you start betting as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2214.8s	2214.8	 an investor on a lot of the derivative plays that look like the real big company look like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2220.2s	2220.2	 platform. I mean, think about how many companies try to look like some iteration of stripe, or try
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2225.0s	2225.0	 to look like some iteration of Uber, or try to look like some iteration of, you know, name your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2229.2s	2229.2	 big kind of behemoth. And as a result, you get all these sort of feature ish platform plays that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2234.6s	2234.6	 have maybe a niche, or some kind of, you know, narrow kind of market opportunity, they got funded,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2241.9s	2241.9	 those those businesses obviously aren't going to have the same valuation multiples of the winners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2246.1s	2246.1	 in the market. And now, and they burnt a lot of money to demonstrate growth, because so much of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2250.7s	2250.7	 investing over the last 15 years has been momentum investing. And so they try to grow,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2255.4s	2255.4	 then they try to get a higher valuation, investors plan more money in. Now the problem is that so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2259.8s	2259.8	 many of these series BCD and E companies have a true market value, they're not a value list company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2265.3s	2265.3	 but the true market value of them is probably less than the total preference stack of the capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2270.9s	2270.9	 that's gone in. So they're worthless. Yeah, let me just make sure people understand that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2275.0s	2275.0	 I'll just describe it. Yeah. So when investors invest, they have preferred stock, so they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2279.7s	2279.7	 a right to get their money back. So they let's say a one x liquidation preference, they invest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2283.9s	2283.9	 $100 million, the company is worth 300. So they own 25% of the company after they invest. But they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2290.2s	2290.2	 have a right to that $100 million first, before common shareholders get paid. The problem now is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2295.8s	2295.8	 that a lot of those companies may be worth less than the 100. They're not worth 400 anymore,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2299.6s	2299.6	 they're worth 100. And you can see this play out in the public markets with that data set I shared
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2304.6s	2304.6	 with you guys a few weeks ago, over two thirds of companies now that have gone public since 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2310.2s	2310.2	 are worth less than the capital that they have raised as in the venture market. So if they were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2315.4s	2315.4	 still private, they would be worth less than their preference stack. And that's where these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2320.6s	2320.6	 start to unravel. Because now the investors have to totally recap the company, the founders don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2325.5s	2325.5	 want to have all of their common wiped out. Now they own nothing. And there ends up being a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2330.0s	2330.0	 ugly scenario that happens with the board at that point on how do we wind this thing down?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2334.2s	2334.2	 How do we recap it? What's going to happen? And that's usually where everyone starts to run for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2337.8s	2337.8	 the hills, the founders one or more of the founders leave and so on. I have a question for you. So you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2342.4s	2342.4	 mentioned this earlier, which I think was a really important point, but we didn't really touch it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2346.6s	2346.6	 Do you think there's going to be a reckoning inside of venture firms about recalibrating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2352.9s	2352.9	 general partners? 100% I mean, look, and why sorry, just explain why. Yeah, so I think what's happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2358.5s	2358.5	 is over the last 15 years to become a successful venture investor, you've gotten into the hot deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2365.1s	2365.1	 and hot deals, the valuations are typically climbing up. And when the valuations climb up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2370.2s	2370.2	 that's an indicator that the company is doing well, and you should invest. That's been the model for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2375.3s	2375.3	 operating in the last 15 years. But the truth is that maybe just because the valuations have gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2380.4s	2380.4	 up and more money has gone in doesn't necessarily mean that that's a great business or as Jamal points
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2384.5s	2384.5	 out, that you ultimately get a positive net return on that investment down the road. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2389.6s	2389.6	 window is now closed. So the investors that have been trained, this is such a generalization,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2395.4s	2395.4	 and I hate saying it because we have so many good smart friends that work in venture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2399.3s	2399.3	 But generally speaking, there are a lot of folks who have come up who have been trained on this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2403.4s	2403.4	 momentum investing model. And it's like it's like day trading, the stocks are going up, let's all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2407.7s	2407.7	 put money into the stock going up, instead of having a more fundamental approach to is there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2412.0s	2412.0	 a real cash generation potential and scalability and platform ability of this company. And as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2417.8s	2417.8	 result, you're going to have to see I think the junior partners that have come up and done well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2421.7s	2421.7	 in this market. Can I go on your point? Well, they've they've done well on paper, but they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2427.6s	2427.6	 haven't done well on distribution. So maybe that shamath becomes the well, so you decide who's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2432.2s	2432.2	 good venture capitalist, which of these companies actually returned capital at a peak market?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2436.7s	2436.7	 Well, I think Freeberg is really onto something. And he mentioned this before. So I got curious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2441.8s	2441.8	 about this. And I went into pitch book. And my team and I looked at all of the people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2448.3s	2448.3	 the humans in our business, that have generated more than a billion dollars in distributions on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2453.9s	2453.9	 given deal. And there's 20 that have done that in our industry. Like, there's people that have made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2459.2s	2459.2	 hundreds of millions of dollars once or twice. But there's 20 people that have made more than a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2462.8s	2462.8	 billion dollars more than once. Okay. And if you look, not a single one came up through the ranks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2467.0s	2467.0	 as a pure engineer or product manager, right, everybody 201 is extremely commercial in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2474.2s	2474.2	 background and their operating experience. Very few percentages of them were actually founders,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2481.3s	2481.3	 a huge percentage of them were trained in banks and other places. So non traditional,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2486.5s	2486.5	 quote unquote roles for what this current crop of GPS look like, because we went through a phase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2491.5s	2491.5	 where if you were a VP of product or a VP of design or a VP of engineering at a well known
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2497.0s	2497.0	 startup, that was the most obvious onboarding into a venture firm. But if you just look back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2502.5s	2502.5	 at the data, that cohort of people has actually never made money, again, according to pitch book.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2507.8s	2507.8	 That's fascinating. And that's a really fascinating counterintuitive takeaway, which is that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2512.8s	2512.8	 and by the way, what's so interesting about that is Pat Grady, I think, had a tweet. And it just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2517.7s	2517.7	 sums it up so cleanly, because he just hired somebody from Co two. And the tweet was something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2523.0s	2523.0	 to the effect of this guy is the most commercial guy we've ever seen something like that. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2529.5s	2529.5	 thought that was so interesting, because that is exactly what our heuristical analysis of this data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2534.3s	2534.3	 was as well. Commercial people in venture are the ones that make the money. So you look at a Fred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2538.5s	2538.5	 Wilson, Michael Moritz, Danny, Bill Gurley, they were investment analysts, I can share your public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2545.3s	2545.3	 markets before they became venture investors, or Mike Moritz, who was a who was a journalist,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2550.0s	2550.0	 him, which is a journalist is just an analyst. It's another if you're a good journalist, it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2553.8s	2553.8	 another word for analyst. Yeah, it was really, really interesting looking at that list. So like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2557.3s	2557.3	 you know, there are people in there like Jim gets Alfred Lynn, Danny Reimer, John Hammer, Fenton. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2566.2s	2566.2	 if you look at all of these folks that are just tier one people, and we know all of them, the one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2571.8s	2571.8	 common thread amongst all those folks is that unbelievably commercial. And so Jason, in a moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2577.4s	2577.4	 like this, where you have to really hold the entrepreneurs feet to the fire, or be their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2582.3s	2582.3	 partner to make extremely hard decisions, you have to have the ability to be respected by them in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2588.0s	2588.0	 those moments where you can force a very difficult decision. And then separately, if you have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2593.5s	2593.5	 basically force liquidity, so that you prioritize your limited partners, how do you do that while
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2597.8s	2597.8	 still managing the relationship with the entrepreneur? How do you know that you just need to cut your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2601.4s	2601.4	 losses and get out? These are very difficult trade offs that I think folks haven't been trained in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2606.2s	2606.2	 doing to David's point. So it'll be really interesting few years to see how these organizations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2612.1s	2612.1	 I think this goes this goes to Sachs's point about, hey, the ecosystem, if it's hard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2617.6s	2617.6	 if it's cantankerous, if they're sand in the oyster, it could make the pearl. If you have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2623.8s	2623.8	 congenial relationship with, you know, your product manager, VC, and everybody's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2628.6s	2628.6	 champagne and caviar and high fiving, maybe that's not as good as having a Bill Gurley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2633.8s	2633.8	 a Michael Moritz and having a foil maybe who is putting pressure on the management team,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2638.4s	2638.4	 hey, we need to hit these numbers, Freberg and then Sachs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2641.6s	2641.6	 Yeah, look, I think one one counter argument here may be that there is this friggin title wave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2648.9s	2648.9	 of AI companies. And there is this incredible amount of lubricant in the dry powder that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2654.3s	2654.3	 sitting on the side of the of the market right now that all these venture funds raised in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2658.4s	2658.4	 last two years, that is going to lubricate all these AI companies into every vertical and every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2663.4s	2663.4	 market. So every company is wrapped up in an AI cloak, like a magic invisibility cloak, every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2669.0s	2669.0	 AI companies got an AI hat and a badge and a tattoo now, or every company is being rewritten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2673.2s	2673.2	 as an AI company. And the money wants to find its way into AI and it wants to rewrite industry with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2679.1s	2679.1	 every industry with AI. So I think similar to what we saw with mobile and the social web,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2686.8s	2686.8	 you know, going back 10 or 15 years, we're seeing kind of this AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2691.0s	2691.0	 wrapper and this AI technology enabler rewrite the possibility of every vertical. And the VCs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2697.0s	2697.0	 have capital more capital than they had 15 years ago, or 10 years ago, or even seven years ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2701.8s	2701.8	 So there is this counter narrative, which may be that the game the game goes on, the band continues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2707.8s	2707.8	 to march on the current crop dies out. But there's immediately a new crop waiting right behind it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2713.1s	2713.1	 Or what happens is the herd dies and everyone runs to the back of the right and gets recapitalized.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2717.9s	2717.9	 Because I can tell you every startup I know that's not going well, everyone's talking about leaving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2721.3s	2721.3	 to go do an AI company. And venture firms are ready to write money. I think you're I think you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2725.4s	2725.4	 right about that. I think the question is, the actual person making the check, will they be more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2731.4s	2731.4	 or less likely? And at least what history would tell you is that we've hired an entire generation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2740.0s	2740.0	 of people that and this is clear, do not map to the people in our industry that have actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2746.0s	2746.0	 generated returns. So you're right, they may take this money and misallocate it into these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2751.3s	2751.3	 that are just, you know, rebranding themselves. But that just goes and further proves that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2756.0s	2756.0	 is a type of person that hasn't been recruited into these venture firms yet. That was the first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2762.4s	2762.4	 generation that made all the money. I think it's always been the case that there is some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2766.5s	2766.5	 difference between the background of the VCs and the backgrounds of the founders. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2771.0s	2771.0	 you guys mentioned Gurley and Maritz. Like we said, Maritz was a journalist who had written
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2776.6s	2776.6	 a book about Apple. He wasn't technical per se. And Gurley was a investment analyst on Wall Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2785.2s	2785.2	 before he then made the transition into VC. And as we both know, they're like legendary VCs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2793.4s	2793.4	 You know, I think that what you want to see in a VC, I think the background matters a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2799.2s	2799.2	 less than, you know, like how curious are they? How good are they about learning a new area? How
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2805.6s	2805.6	 good are they at being like a heat seeking missile? I mean, basically just like zeroing in on like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2810.9s	2810.9	 what is the hot space and specifically what is the best company within that space? And somehow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2817.0s	2817.0	 figuring that out, being able to assess a founder, you know, that's like a very subjective thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2822.2s	2822.2	 So I think there's lots of qualifications that you want to see in a VC. Now, at the same time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2827.6s	2827.6	 I do think that if AI is the next wave and the next sort of platform opportunity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2834.2s	2834.2	 as we all think it is, I do think that places more of an emphasis on technical skills. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2840.3s	2840.3	 was literally just having this conversation at Kraft that, gee, maybe the next hire we should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2845.4s	2845.4	 make at Kraft should be someone who's really deep technically, so they can, you know, help go deeper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2851.4s	2851.4	 on technical due diligence of AI companies. They've never made money. What's that? They've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2857.2s	2857.2	 never made money in the history of our business. Those people, that archetype of hire has never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2862.5s	2862.5	 done that on behalf of LPs or GPs. Well, in biotech and life sciences, they have. What kind of hire?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2868.2s	2868.2	 The best investors usually PhDs. He's saying a technical hire who worked in the trenches at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2872.4s	2872.4	 company is not as fit. No, has not in the past. Has not in the past. Has not in the past. Has not in the past gotten DPI,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2877.7s	2877.7	 whereas somebody who is more commercial, able to analyze a business, commercial. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2882.2s	2882.2	 The ideal person. Is going to be able to get returns. Right, right. So look, I think, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2886.6s	2886.6	 the ideal person would be someone who's just fundamentally a great investor, but also has some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2890.4s	2890.4	 technical background and some technical chops. We also have a team approach at Kraft. So if you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2895.4s	2895.4	 someone who's very technical, they can just diligence the technical aspects of the deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2899.3s	2899.3	 Somebody else can be responsible for, you know, making an assessment of the founders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2903.4s	2903.4	 How we've solved this is we have a group of third party individuals that we work with, that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2909.1s	2909.1	 keep on retainer, that we compensate. And whenever we need to do deep technical diligence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2914.2s	2914.2	 we partner with them to do that work with us. And what it allows us to do is get the best of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2919.7s	2919.7	 technical thinking without also putting them in a position of trying to adjudicate whether this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2924.5s	2924.5	 company is good or not. What I'm trying to understand is, what is this technical edge?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2929.4s	2929.4	 And can I understand the boundaries of that? But I still keep the investment decision to myself and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2935.4s	2935.4	 my partners, because otherwise, the difficulty is, in my experience, deeply, deeply technical,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2941.7s	2941.7	 people are extremely good at diligence, but generally are poor at making investment decisions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2946.9s	2946.9	 because there's a part of their brain that flips on, which is like, I could do it better, or I could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2951.4s	2951.4	 do it this way, or I could do it that way. And I think like that anchoring bias can be very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2957.6s	2957.6	 dangerous. And you almost want to be a little dumbed down from that depth of knowledge, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2963.4s	2963.4	 you either find everything that is like not worth doing, and then you can miss a market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2968.6s	2968.6	 Or you miss the thing that is good enough, because you're like, Oh, well, I would have done x, y,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2973.4s	2973.4	 and z in a different way. So we kind of like use them, but we keep them at arm's length so that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2978.0s	2978.0	 they never feel the pressure of having to actually decide on our behalf, how the money should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2982.1s	2982.1	 spent. Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, the number one thing we're doing at this early stage is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2985.5s	2985.5	 tracing our founders, I know this sounds crazy, on accounting best practices, and pricing best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2991.1s	2991.1	 practices. And we literally have founders who have never made a plan, I'm talking about at the seed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=2996.6s	2996.6	 stage, who don't know accounting. And so we are running for seed stage startups, and I'm kicking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3002.2s	3002.2	 myself that we didn't do it two years ago, or three years ago, but better late than never,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3006.9s	3006.9	 on how to just maintain their books and understand operations and the the operational
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3013.3s	3013.3	 lack of discipline in the market. I'm seeing series A and series B companies that literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3018.5s	3018.5	 don't understand their own accounting. And so when we start talking to their accountants,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3022.9s	3022.9	 there is a huge gap between what the accountants think of this business and what the founders think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3026.7s	3026.7	 of these businesses. And founders think they have more revenue than they have or less revenue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3032.2s	3032.2	 they're really don't even know how to calculate their runway in an honest way. And so there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3037.0s	3037.0	 back to your point, Chamath, about on the on the venture side of the business, a lot of product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3041.6s	3041.6	 focus, a lot of operational focus, there's not enough focus on just the bottom line.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3046.0s	3046.0	 The reason that happened is what Friedberg said before, which is like somebody would build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3050.6s	3050.6	 something, there was a little bit of momentum. And you'd have to go and present these bona fides to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3055.8s	3055.8	 these entrepreneurs to get into the deal. And so what venture firms thought was the right bona
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3060.3s	3060.3	 fide to present is, oh, I built XYZ product at this other company. Right. And they thought that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3065.4s	3065.4	 that edge could get you into a deal, maybe, but it could turn out that that was the wrong company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3070.7s	3070.7	 to be in in the first place. And so you just missed an entire generation of value creation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3076.9s	3076.9	 because it happened sort of off piste. Off the trail. Yeah, you really do need to understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3082.3s	3082.3	 fundamentally, because we're talking about public markets here, the Facebook analogy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3086.5s	3086.5	 what is the ultimate earnings? What is the ultimate cash that is going to get thrown off this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3092.7s	3092.7	 business? And that's what the whole industry needs to, I think, pivot to. And just that needs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3097.7s	3097.7	 to be the operating principle. Do you guys know how much money Facebook, Amazon, Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3102.6s	3102.6	 and Microsoft raised combined total before they went public? That's very small. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3107.7s	3107.7	 Google is minuscule. Less than a quarter billion dollars. Unbelievable. Yeah. All the inefficiency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3112.4s	3112.4	 is extraordinary. And then on top of this inefficiency, I don't know if you're seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3115.4s	3115.4	 this. They were all profitable when they went public. On top of all this inefficiency is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3120.7s	3120.7	 dependence on venture debt. I don't know if you're seeing this, Sachs, but the amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3125.8s	3125.8	 focus on adding debt to unprofitable companies over the last five years has been just extraordinary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3132.6s	3132.6	 I don't understand what I've never understood the venture debt model or really how it works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3136.5s	3136.5	 I feel like it's a category that doesn't make any sense. Say more. I mean, well, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3142.7s	3142.7	 explain it to people what's happening. I don't really understand how it makes sense for lenders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3146.2s	3146.2	 or for founders, to be honest. I think the whole industry doesn't make any sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3150.0s	3150.0	 For founders, I don't like it because the money has to be paid back, right? It's debt. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3154.6s	3154.6	 founders take in this venture debt thinking like it's an equity round, but without dilution,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3160.4s	3160.4	 with some warrants. And they don't realize, well, wait a second. We got to pay this back in a year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3165.5s	3165.5	 or a year and a half out of the next round they do. But that creates an overhang on the next round
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3170.2s	3170.2	 because the new VCs coming in, they want their money to go into the company, not paying off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3175.0s	3175.0	 a bank. So, it actually makes the next round less attractive. The other thing about it is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3181.5s	3181.5	 the lender is not getting an equity reward. So, they don't want to take equity risk. They may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3188.1s	3188.1	 be getting a nice coupon. They might be getting 9% or something like that, which sounds high for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3194.5s	3194.5	 debt, but they're not taking true equity risks in the company. So, the last thing they want to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3198.8s	3198.8	 is be your last six months of runway, right? They want to be your first six months of runway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3204.4s	3204.4	 And then get paid off on the back end. And I think a lot of founders think, oh, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3209.7s	3209.7	 I'll take this money and it'll extend my runway from 18 months to two years. But what will happen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3215.3s	3215.3	 in that last six months is all of a sudden the bank will come to you and say, no, no, no, no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3220.8s	3220.8	 You have this or that material adverse condition. It's called a Mac out. And there's all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3227.3s	3227.3	 terms that founders don't understand because it's highly legalistic. Covenants, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3231.6s	3231.6	 Covenants. And so, all of a sudden, the founders find themselves with a lot less flexibility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3238.6s	3238.6	 in that last six months to a year. Either a covenant gets triggered that makes them pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3243.1s	3243.1	 back the money immediately or their business flexibility goes way down because they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3247.9s	3247.9	 consulting with their bank about everything. All of this is coming home to roost right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3252.2s	3252.2	 I think it's a terrible deal for founders. And I think that even for the lenders, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3257.3s	3257.3	 I guess I assume that these banks know their business better than I do. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3263.1s	3263.1	 I think that the reason I don't trust it as a category from a lender point of view or from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3270.7s	3270.7	 an investor point of view is that all the data about defaults over the last five to 10 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3276.7s	3276.7	 happened in this free-flowing zero-interest-rate environment. And so, the startup mortality rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3283.9s	3283.9	 were artificially low because it's so easy to raise. So, yeah, venture debt makes sense in an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3289.5s	3289.5	 environment in which founders are generally able to raise the next round and then pay back the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3294.1s	3294.1	 venture debt. But let's say that that tweet storm you mentioned, Jason, can you bring that back on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3299.5s	3299.5	 the screen? I actually think this tweet storm is basically correct. I've referred to on this show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3304.6s	3304.6	 before that I think one of the things that built up during this bubble is latent startup mortality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3310.6s	3310.6	 So many startups that should have died from not being able to raise next round
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3315.4s	3315.4	 lived because they're able to raise money. And what this tweet storm is predicting is that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3319.4s	3319.4	 second half of 2023 and then 2024, you're going to have a huge crunch where all these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3326.1s	3326.1	 have to go out and raise. They've been waiting. So, they're all going to get to the point where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3330.7s	3330.7	 their cash is so low. They have to go out and raise. And now all of a sudden, they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3334.3s	3334.3	 to be confronted with the new market conditions. I wonder how many of them have venture debt as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3338.2s	3338.2	 an overhang. And that was in- Those ones, yeah. And they're going to find they have less runway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3342.8s	3342.8	 than they thought because again, those banks, they are going to try and collect the debt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3349.8s	3349.8	 before the startup runs out of money. Not when it runs out of money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3353.7s	3353.7	 Catch two falling knives. Yeah, exactly. So, look, I just wonder what I don't trust is whether the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3361.8s	3361.8	 return models on venture debt that were created over the last five to 10 years will be a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3367.0s	3367.0	 predictor of what the returns will be in the next five to 10 years when a lot of the mortality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3372.2s	3372.2	 that should have happened in the past now happens in the future. Well, I mean, then, and Sachs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3376.9s	3376.9	 correct me if I'm wrong here, but I'm also starting to see really gnarly term sheets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3382.0s	3382.0	 people foreclosing on businesses, people offering like literally had a term sheet come in, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3386.4s	3386.4	 we're going to forgive the last note and take this business over for a dollar and everybody gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3391.7s	3391.7	 wiped out. The amount of bad feelings that you have to go through, even if there is a core business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3397.2s	3397.2	 to Freeberg's point earlier, hey, they raised 100 million, but there's a $50 million business in here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3401.8s	3401.8	 that people would love to invest in. Who wants to go through the hand-wringing, the negotiation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3407.0s	3407.0	 the toxicity of a recap? It's an extremely hard process to go through. Are you going through any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3412.8s	3412.8	 recaps right now, Sachs? And what is the- Not yet, no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3415.5s	3415.5	 What is the approach of the firm in terms of dealing with these kinds of situations? Do you even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3419.3s	3419.3	 want to start that discussion up? Or is it too painful? Well, we're not a company, not one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3426.6s	3426.6	 I don't think for most of our companies, we're at the recap or restructuring stage. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3429.6s	3429.6	 I'm talking about the ones that aren't going well. People still have a fair amount of cash in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3433.1s	3433.1	 bank. And we've been beating the drums for literally a year. What about new opportunities?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3438.4s	3438.4	 A new opportunity comes to you. It's one of these overhang companies that wants to restructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3442.0s	3442.0	 Would you even engage that or is it just too hard? I looked at seven at the end of last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3445.8s	3445.8	 and I tried to reprice three of them. And every single one was able to get a convert done away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3452.0s	3452.0	 from us. Yeah. So I mean, yeah, we tried to find a market clearing price for this equity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3457.7s	3457.7	 but nobody wants it to David's point, because there's too much money on the sideline. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3461.3s	3461.3	 people are willing to give them a lifeline that doesn't force them to come to hard terms with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3467.8s	3467.8	 what the reality of the moment is. Yeah, I agree with that. We're not quite there yet. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3473.0s	3473.0	 the reason why that tweet you posted got some traction is it's saying, listen, the crunch is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3478.9s	3478.9	 going to happen. Second half of 2023 and 2024. That's where you're going to see the down rounds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3484.3s	3484.3	 That's where you're going to see the restructuring, the recaps and all the rest of it. And look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3490.2s	3490.2	 I'm sure like every VC firm is going to be a player in that. But yeah, it's going to be a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3495.2s	3495.2	 of miserable work for founders. This is where you're going to see people's true colors. When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3500.3s	3500.3	 you have to recap a company and yeah, that's when you can really start to see how crappy it was in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3506.5s	3506.5	 2003 to be here. Remember 2003? Penful. Oh my God. Oh my God. Yeah. There was lucky to raise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3514.7s	3514.7	 500k on a $3 million. Oh my God. Like 2004. Like what a brutal year. Yeah. There's going to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3521.3s	3521.3	 lot of that. I think the next 18 months or let's say the next two years, there's going to be pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3526.5s	3526.5	 rough for a lot of companies. And it's just that they didn't cut enough. I mean, we've been beating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3531.9s	3531.9	 on the drums for a year for companies to lengthen their runway. And some did to some extent, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3537.8s	3537.8	 many didn't do enough and they're going to get caught in this crunch. Can we just go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3542.5s	3542.5	 that chart that Brad put out? I think that what a lot of founders don't quite understand still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3550.7s	3550.7	 is that things are just never going back to 2021. I think a lot of founders listening to the top of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3555.6s	3555.6	 the show where we're talking about inflation is under control. They see the market rally,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3559.8s	3559.8	 Facebook's up 25%. They may be thinking, okay, we just have to weather the storm for six months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3565.5s	3565.5	 or a year and then everything's back to normal. And I think what's important to understand is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3571.1s	3571.1	 the market did bottom out about a month ago and is up pretty nicely. If you see here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3575.5s	3575.5	 this is the SAS index. It's the median enterprise value divided by next 12 months revenue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3581.8s	3581.8	 And it was really beaten down about at the end of the year, at the end of last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3586.1s	3586.1	 coming into this year. Yeah, it was like four to five X multiples of next 12 months revenue for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3594.1s	3594.1	 SAS companies. That's all the way up to 6.1 now. So you're talking about 20% to 50% rally for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3600.7s	3600.7	 lot of companies, which is huge. We're still below the long-term median, which is just under eight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3607.6s	3607.6	 Okay. But what people need to understand is that even if we revert all the way to the mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3612.6s	3612.6	 of eight, which I think at some point we will, that's still well below the bubble of 21 where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3618.1s	3618.1	 they got to 16. So even if things continue to inflate, valuations will still never quite be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3625.2s	3625.2	 where they were in 2021. And if you think it's getting back to 12 or 16, it's not happening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3631.0s	3631.0	 Fetch is not happening. For high growth companies, for high growth companies in 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3637.1s	3637.1	 you were in the public markets, you were seeing multiples of 30 to 35 times. Now those companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3642.3s	3642.3	 are maybe at eight to 10 or 12. I think the reliable way that we can look at this for the future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3649.2s	3649.2	 is that we're never going to see these kinds of multiples again, unless rates are zero and all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3656.6s	3656.6	 kinds of tourist capital need to find a home to escape 0% returns in every other asset class.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3664.6s	3664.6	 But if even the safest asset class now will give you three and a half, 4%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3671.0s	3671.0	 this is probably the new normal for quite a long time. And we're going to be back in that early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3676.1s	3676.1	 2000s kind of mindset, which takes a lot of hard work to build value around.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3682.1s	3682.1	 We talked about the sort of whipsaw economy. And there's a lot of mixed inflation data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3687.8s	3687.8	 I think founders need to understand that there's a bifurcation. What's happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3691.8s	3691.8	 in the tech ecosystem is not necessarily what's happening in the overall economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3696.5s	3696.5	 The tech ecosystem is clearly going through a reset and a recession. Job cuts are now the rule,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3703.0s	3703.0	 valuations are much lower. Whereas in the overall economy, we saw a jobs report today of over 500,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3709.4s	3709.4	 new jobs. So the fact of the matter is that even if the overall economy avoids a recession,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3716.8s	3716.8	 that doesn't mean that things are just going to bounce back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3719.1s	3719.1	 Tech is a boom bust cycle. And we have phenomenal 10 years of boom. Now we're in a bust.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3728.2s	3728.2	 And so I would just tell founders, look, it's good if we have a soft landing in the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3734.2s	3734.2	 I wouldn't assume that that's going to happen. I still think there's a really good chance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3738.5s	3738.5	 of recession later this year, but it almost doesn't matter for you. What matters is your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3743.5s	3743.5	 business and the capital availability for startups, which is fundamentally different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3750.5s	3750.5	 and will remain different than it was in 2021. Freberg, you were talking in the chat about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3754.9s	3754.9	 Adani Enterprises and Hindenburg doing this short research and publishing it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3760.6s	3760.6	 Stock has just absolutely gotten clobbered. They were trading at, gosh, 4,100 was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3768.5s	3768.5	 52 week high. And this thing has just cratered in the last five days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3774.2s	3774.2	 I mean, I think the-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3775.8s	3775.8	 Explain what's going on here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3777.3s	3777.3	 Well, I mean, the story that the conversation I thought it would be interesting for us to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3783.3s	3783.3	 is the role that these short seller research analysts play in driving efficient markets by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3792.5s	3792.5	 identifying perhaps things that the market broadly is missing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3798.1s	3798.1	 Particularly given that a few weeks ago, we were all kind of talking about the FTX debacle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3804.0s	3804.0	 and how no one was doing their diligence and no one was digging in and no one was kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3807.5s	3807.5	 revealing publicly what was going on inside of that business that ultimately caused significant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3813.1s	3813.1	 losses. You know, the claims made by Hindenburg is that this company Adani, which is founded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3818.7s	3818.7	 and run by a guy named Gautam Adani, he started the company like I think 30, 35 years ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3825.0s	3825.0	 And he's built this thing into this sprawling empire, as people would say, where he owns ports,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3832.1s	3832.1	 he owns mining companies, he owns energy transmission businesses, he's got a whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3837.1s	3837.1	 green energy business, and he's taken a bunch of these companies and he's floated them publicly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3841.1s	3841.1	 So they're all kind of publicly traded. There's some degree of interrelatedness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3845.1s	3845.1	 between all these businesses. It reminds me a lot of I don't know if any of you guys remember
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3850.5s	3850.5	 Ike Batista out of Brazil. You guys remember this guy where, you know, he kind of built
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3855.6s	3855.6	 this sprawling empire very kind of broadly diversified industrial conglomerate with,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3861.3s	3861.3	 you know, lots of different kind of segments and used a lot of leverage, a lot of debt to grow the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3865.0s	3865.0	 business and a lot of interrelated interparty transactions. And ultimately, the whole thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3869.7s	3869.7	 kind of came crashing down. And that the Adani business, it's super technical and super complicated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3875.0s	3875.0	 all the kind of accounting shenanigans that Hindenburg is claiming has been going on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3879.7s	3879.7	 and capital market shenanigans that they're claiming have been going on with this business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3883.4s	3883.4	 But their kind of report, which I think is like 400 pages long, has caused the response was 400
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3889.3s	3889.3	 pages. They're crazy long, too. Yeah, the market shrugged off the response that he put out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3893.6s	3893.6	 didn't really care. And they kept selling the stocks off. So it's like seven or eight publicly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3897.5s	3897.5	 traded companies, all of which are just getting decimated. Look, I don't have any strong opinion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3902.0s	3902.0	 on this business. I kind of skimmed through the thing. But it really made me question like how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3907.6s	3907.6	 such a big, call it accounting or capital markets fraud, if it really is that, can go on and how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3915.0s	3915.0	 much of a role these sorts of players play in the market and whether you guys think that this is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3920.5s	3920.5	 good thing in the market to have these short seller reporters out there doing this analysis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3925.7s	3925.7	 publishing it. Jason, by the way, you called out Nicola, Nicola, the electric car company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3931.2s	3931.2	 As you know, Hindenburg put out that Nicola report stock tanked, right, they claimed it was all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3935.4s	3935.4	 fraud, etc. And then the thing got to score was Trevor Milton got convicted. Right. And so I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3940.1s	3940.1	 I guess do you guys think that these guys have a have a positive role net net in the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3944.2s	3944.2	 in kind of identifying and calling out this stuff? Because we all have friends that are on the wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3947.3s	3947.3	 side of short sellers. And they complain about it. And it can be really difficult to grow and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3952.6s	3952.6	 build a business when people Elon had these guys literally claiming he was running a fraud for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3957.4s	3957.4	 years and years. And it was an intense amount of scrutiny because when the track when the stock was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3962.5s	3962.5	 less trafficked in when we were in it in 2015 and 16 and 17, that was the constant reframing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3968.2s	3968.2	 Elon was constantly batting back folks like this, who would make claims. And the way that these guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3974.8s	3974.8	 are allowed to operate is because they use the First Amendment and say we have the right to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3978.4s	3978.4	 this stuff. I think that shorting falls into two buckets. One is you use it as a hedging instrument.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3985.0s	3985.0	 So when we talk about spread trades, like long Google short Facebook or long Facebook short Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3990.4s	3990.4	 you should be allowed to short I think that that's a very reasonable thing to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=3994.7s	3994.7	 I think the question is, if you were on the inside of a company and you say x, y, z is happening,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4001.4s	4001.4	 for example, Trevor Milton, and it causes the stock to go up and it turns out to be fraudulent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4006.2s	4006.2	 he's held accountable. The question is, should there be the same responsibility for people on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4011.4s	4011.4	 the outside who if they have enough distribution, can say the exact opposite of x, y, z is happening,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4016.8s	4016.8	 in this case, x, y, z is not happening, which then causes the stock to go down because what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4021.4s	4021.4	 the business model of these short sellers is, write a document, it looks very polished and very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4028.6s	4028.6	 credible, put on some positions, then put the document out. If the stock goes down, you close
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4034.6s	4034.6	 it out. In my opinion, I think that short sellers are really important part of a well functioning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4040.7s	4040.7	 market or the ability to short. But what I would like to do is take an extra step, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4045.8s	4045.8	 you should hold these folks accountable the same way you'd hold an insider accountable,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4049.8s	4049.8	 which is almost to the effect of like when you put out the screed, if you make money from it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4054.5s	4054.5	 it should sit in escrow and the SEC should actually adjudicate whether it's true or not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4058.6s	4058.6	 So in the case of Hindenburg and Nicola, they shorted the stock, they put out a report,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4064.3s	4064.3	 it turned out they were right. All that money is completely well learned. Now, what if this Adani
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4069.4s	4069.4	 thing turns out to be not true or true? Nobody knows right now, except 50% of the market cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4074.6s	4074.6	 has already been wiped out. So that's where things I think are are in a bit of a gray area.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4079.2s	4079.2	 The last thing I'll say is that if you look at the developing world, there's a very gray line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4085.6s	4085.6	 between some of the leading entrepreneurs in these governments, because these entrepreneurs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4089.7s	4089.7	 are doing the work of some of these governments, whether it's Ike Batista in Brazil in one moment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4094.1s	4094.1	 right around natural resources, or Adani and Ambani in India, or a lot of the people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4099.7s	4099.7	 made a lot of money in China, or the people that are making money in developing markets, Turkey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4104.6s	4104.6	 Russia, etc. The government uses very talented entrepreneurs to go and concentrate capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4111.8s	4111.8	 to develop infrastructure progress. We did that in America in the 1800s as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4116.0s	4116.0	 So that's where I think you have to also balance it, because his response was basically like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4119.9s	4119.9	 this is an attack on India. And in a way, you can see where he's coming from, right? Because he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4125.6s	4125.6	 building ports and roads and bridges. And he's like, without this stuff, how is India supposed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4130.3s	4130.3	 even exist in the 21st century? That's a reasonable claim. So I agree with you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4134.6s	4134.6	 Friedberg, I don't know whether the report is right or not. But this extra step of actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4139.5s	4139.5	 having the SEC actually tell us what the answer is, I think would be a very important improvement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4145.1s	4145.1	 to how this kind of stuff works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4146.7s	4146.7	 The other improvement that the SEC has been proposing in rule 13 F-2 is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4157.1s	4157.1	 people would need to disclose their short positions. This proposed rule would require
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4162.0s	4162.0	 institutional investment managers, I'm reading from the SEC website managers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4164.9s	4164.9	 exercising investment discretion over short positions, meaning specific,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4168.2s	4168.2	 specified thresholds to report on the proposed form SHO information related to end of month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4174.0s	4174.0	 short positions and certain data. That should absolutely pass.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4180.5s	4180.5	 Aggregate the resulting data by security thereby maintaining confidentially of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4185.8s	4185.8	 reporting managers and publicly disseminating the data to all investors. This new data would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4190.3s	4190.3	 supplement the short sale data. I think this is less about like who's doing what. And it's much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4197.3s	4197.3	 more about, are we kind of creating critical fail points in the system by seeing over leverage and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4202.8s	4202.8	 over lending in certain- Well, there should also be some rules about the spreading of fear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4206.5s	4206.5	 uncertainty and doubt. That FUD that happened with Tesla Q, I mean, paradoxically, thousands of-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4215.0s	4215.0	 But people- But that's an example-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4215.9s	4215.9	 Anonymous accounts- That's an example of people essentially lying in public to try to get the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4222.2s	4222.2	 stock to move. And Tesla's not a fraud, that's a real company. But there was a real-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4226.0s	4226.0	 I mean, they were waiting car of the year while this was going on, breaking delivery records.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4228.2s	4228.2	 But there was a real human cost to that company, right? To employees that got spooked to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4232.8s	4232.8	 partners that may have gotten spooked. The pressure, we saw this, the pressure on Elon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4237.0s	4237.0	 in those periods of time. And he was like on the knife's edge where there was the potential where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4242.4s	4242.4	 the company may not have been able to finance its cashflow needs because of those Tesla Q guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4247.8s	4247.8	 And so it's not to say that the Tesla Q guys can't say it, but they should be forced at some level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4253.0s	4253.0	 to prove it if you can create crazy stuff. I posted a link, by the way, for anybody that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4256.9s	4256.9	 interested in reading this. There's a person called Carson Block who's being investigated-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4262.2s	4262.2	 Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4262.6s	4262.6	 Because he may have pushed the boundaries of how short sellers do this. It's a really fascinating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4266.9s	4266.9	 read in the Atlantic for anybody who wants to read it. But this is sort of where the short selling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4272.4s	4272.4	 thing can a little bit go awry. And the title of this is The Man Who Moves Markets. And it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4278.2s	4278.2	 quite a really interesting read if you're interested in how all of this stuff works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4282.2s	4282.2	 All right, everybody. That's the All In Podcast for February 3rd and 4th. For Sax,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4288.4s	4288.4	 Friedberg and Chamath, I'm J. Kyle, the world's greatest moderator. We'll see you next week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4291.8s	4291.8	 Love you, boys. Bye-bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4318.4s	4318.4	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because it's all just like sexual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymo6Yzjv_KY&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=8&t=4330.0s	4330.0	 tension that we just need to release.
