https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=0.0s	0.0	 I had this thing with my oldest son where I don't know if it's all kids, but he's 13. He doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6.1s	6.1	 know how to answer the phone, not to save his life. Oh, he picks up the phone. Huh? Hello.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=12.5s	12.5	 And so I said, listen, from now on, when you call me, I expect a certain way that you pick up the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=18.0s	18.0	 phone. And that's going to be practiced for you, how you interact with anybody else. And vice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=22.7s	22.7	 versa as well. If I call you, you have to pick up the phone. And if you don't, I'm hanging up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=26.4s	26.4	 right away. So yesterday, he calls me. And I'm like, Chmoth speaking. You know, it's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=33.4s	33.4	 hello, Chmoth speaking. Dad. Hi, hi. He calls back. Hello, Chmoth speaking. Dad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=47.9s	47.9	 Hung up again. We did this three more fucking times. And then finally I said, when will you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=52.6s	52.6	 get it through your head? Can you please just answer like, if I say hello to my speaking,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=56.6s	56.6	 Hey, dad, it's your son or Hey, dad, it's. And it's unbelievable. And he's like, well, none of my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=63.2s	63.2	 friends pick up the phone like this. And I'm like, Oh my God, like, don't they think they need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=66.9s	66.9	 have verbal communication skills? It's unbelievable. And then when I call him, he picked up the phone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=74.0s	74.0	 Oh, what? Not even hello. Huh? What is that? It's like a grunt. Minimal efforts like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=83.3s	83.3	 minimum number of syllables. It's embarrassing. Are you kids like this? Or is it just my kid?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=88.2s	88.2	 Actually, I don't think I've heard him pick up the phone. I need to test that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=91.0s	91.0	 And it said, we open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=109.8s	109.8	 J Cal was on Twitter calling me out for not denouncing the Chinese balloon is strong enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=114.6s	114.6	 language. Although I don't think he understood the language I was using. Did you understand what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=119.3s	119.3	 word errant means? What did you think it meant? I, you know, I do understand the word errant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=124.7s	124.7	 Yeah. It generally means straying off course. Yeah. And traveling in search of adventure,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=131.8s	131.8	 at least according to Merriam-Webster. So I just thought maybe you're being a little, but I know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=137.4s	137.4	 you're a dove. So, but it was a little doveish thinking they were just off course. I think you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=141.8s	141.8	 think they were off course or they were doing it deliberately. You buy that it was off course.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=146.0s	146.0	 Genuflect go Genuflect. Go, go, go. So I knew J Cal would have to join in this nationwide panic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=154.2s	154.2	 over this balloon. I have no panic over it. It had a Minolta camera touch to it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=163.3s	163.3	 J Cal, I got some really bad news for you. There was these things called spy satellites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=168.2s	168.2	 and they can see everything. Oh, I know the it's obvious people. They've been sending these balloons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=172.8s	172.8	 over here for a while. I just thought you're framing as it was errant as in it like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=177.2s	177.2	 well, of course, do you think it was, I'm sincerely asking, do you think it was errant? It was an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=181.2s	181.2	 accident? It's such a harebrained scheme to send a balloon flying over American territory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=190.1s	190.1	 that the Occam's razor explanation here is that they somehow lost control over it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=195.0s	195.0	 And these things are not steerable. So like my guess is that it probably wasn't deliberate just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=201.1s	201.1	 because of how stupid a plan it would be and how like obvious it would be. But it could be. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=208.7s	208.7	 really know. What I do know is that the whole nation got in a lather and a tizzy and sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=214.2s	214.2	 hyperventilating about this balloon. And it just shows how reflexively hawkish the media is, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=219.5s	219.5	 know, it's like, Hey, can we just wrap up this war in Ukraine before we start another war with an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=224.4s	224.4	 even more formidable media superpower? The balloon got more intention than us blowing up Nord Stream.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=231.3s	231.3	 Okay, well hold on. No, what I would say about that is the media insight is the valid one. I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=237.0s	237.0	 just responding to the errant and I was curious if you actually thought it was an accident. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=240.2s	240.2	 think it's an accident. I don't think there are. Well, I think it clearly was off course and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=243.9s	243.9	 problematic. So, you know, I don't know about the intentionality of it. I think it very well could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=250.3s	250.3	 have been intentional, but I tend to think because it's such a stupid harebrained scheme, like I've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=255.4s	255.4	 almost given the benefit of the doubt, not because they're not capable of spying. I'm sure they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=259.1s	259.1	 spying on us. Obviously they're spying on us. Just like we're spying on them. That's what we both do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=264.6s	264.6	 But it seems like such a stupid way because you're going to get caught. It's a made for TV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=269.5s	269.5	 moment. You have to understand the nature of live television and why the media overreacted to it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=273.9s	273.9	 It's ongoing. So because it's not final, it's like a live event occurring, like when kids are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=280.6s	280.6	 trapped in a mine. Those are the best stories for CNN because you can keep updating people and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=286.6s	286.6	 people keep turning the TV on to check on the status. So this one was just made for CNN because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=293.3s	293.3	 obviously we're going to shoot the thing down. And obviously you can interpret into it if it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=297.8s	297.8	 an accident or not. And it just gives them something to talk about on a slow news week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=301.4s	301.4	 But it is interesting. I think your point that is interesting is, is the Nord Stream story correct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=307.6s	307.6	 or not? Why is that not being covered? It's not being covered because it's not an ongoing story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=316.1s	316.1	 So that just shows you. No, I don't think that's right. I think it's not being covered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=320.2s	320.2	 because the mainstream media already took a side on this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=324.2s	324.2	 Oh, so remember, well, it's not, it's not just cynical. So when Nord Stream got blown up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=330.1s	330.1	 the administration came racing out with the line that the Russians did it, that this was self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=335.7s	335.7	 sabotage. And by the way, the media repeated this endlessly. This was the media line. And it never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=341.4s	341.4	 really made sense to anyone who's paying attention because first of all, this was an economically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=345.4s	345.4	 vital asset to Russia. Second, it was their main source of leverage over Europe was their control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=352.7s	352.7	 over the gas supply. So the idea that they would shoot themselves in the foot that way, just to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=359.4s	359.4	 somehow what show how crazy they are. It never really made sense. Anyone who's paying attention.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=364.2s	364.2	 And the fact that the administration, the media so quickly raced to that conclusion suggested that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=370.6s	370.6	 it was maybe a cover story because if we had nothing to do with it, you would just be more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=374.7s	374.7	 neutral and say, yeah, we don't know what happened, but they had to like promote this line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=380.0s	380.0	 that the Russians did it, which just never made any sense. And now Cy Hirsch has come out with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=384.2s	384.2	 this story. So it laying out in great detail how we did it. It's not just saying we did it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=389.8s	389.8	 It's laying out who did it and how and the steps and all that kind of stuff. And just so you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=394.2s	394.2	 understand who this guy is, he's this legendary Pulitzer Prize winning journalist. He's like 86
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=399.0s	399.0	 years old or something like that now. But he broke during Vietnam, he broke the story of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=405.0s	405.0	 Mili massacre, which the military denied until he proved it. He broke the story during the Iraq War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=410.9s	410.9	 of the Abu Ghraib prison abuses, which again, the media, the military denied until it was undeniable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=418.7s	418.7	 His Pulitzer winning is all you really need to know. Basically another covert military action.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=426.3s	426.3	 And look, we don't know for sure whether it's true or not, but it looks pretty bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=431.0s	431.0	 Do you think that Europe knew? Do you think that the Europeans were told that the Americans were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=435.3s	435.3	 going to go and blow this thing up? If that's true, by the way, the administration has said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=439.4s	439.4	 clearly this is a false story. I think the specific code was this is pure fiction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=445.3s	445.3	 The Ukraine would be the most likely person to do this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=448.9s	448.9	 You got to look for means, motive and opportunity. They don't have the opportunity to go down there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=453.0s	453.0	 I don't think the Ukrainians have the capability to do an undersea mission like that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=459.8s	459.8	 The Norwegians do. And the story maintained that we did it with them. The British do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=466.6s	466.6	 Story didn't say whether they were involved or not. So no, my guess is that if this was a covert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=471.4s	471.4	 US activity, it was kept to a very small group, which is why it'll be hard to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=477.0s	477.0	 prove more definitively than this. The other side of the argument is this is such a provocation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=482.9s	482.9	 and the administration saying it's fiction. So what is your response to that, Zach? Would the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=488.6s	488.6	 US do something so provocative or would they have somebody else do it? And would Norway do something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=494.2s	494.2	 so provocative? It seems like an extremely offensive technique as opposed to just backing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=501.0s	501.0	 the Ukraine to defend itself against Russia's invasion. Here's the thing. Before the invasion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=505.9s	505.9	 Biden at a press conference said that if the Russians invade, Nord Stream would be no more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=512.6s	512.6	 And they asked him, well, how can you make sure that that's a deal between Germany and Russia?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=517.4s	517.4	 We're not involved. And he said, we have ways. We have ways. Just trust me, it'll happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=521.4s	521.4	 Separately, Victoria Nuland, who's our Deputy Secretary of State, said something very similar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=526.3s	526.3	 about how we would stop Nord Stream if the Russians invaded. And then after Nord Stream got blown up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=533.1s	533.1	 Blinken at a press conference said that this was a wonderful opportunity and was extolling all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=537.7s	537.7	 benefits of this. And then Victoria Nuland at a congressional hearing said that, I'm sure we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=542.2s	542.2	 all very glad that it's a hunk of metal at the bottom of the sea, again, extolling all the benefits.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=545.8s	545.8	 And we've discussed the benefits on this program of now we've shifted the European dependence on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=550.2s	550.2	 Russian gas to a dependence on American gas. So the fact of the matter is the administration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=556.2s	556.2	 kind of telegraphed what they were going to do. They had the capability to do it and they had the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=561.8s	561.8	 motive to do it. So it's certainly a plausible story. You're right that we can't know for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=567.1s	567.1	 It's a single source story. You don't believe the administration. Hold on. It's a single source story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=570.7s	570.7	 that depends on the credibility of Cy Hirsch. But as it stands right now, whose story do I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=577.7s	577.7	 makes more sense? Probably Cy Hirsch's. You believe Cy Hirsch over the spokesperson for the CIA who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=583.5s	583.5	 wrote, the claim is completely and utterly false. Just to be clear. Well, these same people denied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=588.2s	588.2	 Abu Ghraib. They denied Milai. To be clear, you believe that? They deny everything. They deny that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=595.3s	595.3	 NATO expansion had anything to do with the breakout of this war.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=599.0s	599.0	 Yeah. I mean, this is one of the situations where we can't possibly know. Yeah. You make a good point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=603.5s	603.5	 Jay Kal, which is this, if true, and look, I'm not saying I don't know if it's- You're leaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=609.2s	609.2	 towards believing it. I lean towards thinking it's more plausible than not. Okay. Because also like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=614.2s	614.2	 who else could have done it and who, again, who had the motive, means and opportunity. But you make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=618.6s	618.6	 a great point, which is if we did it, it's an incredibly provocative act. It's basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=624.6s	624.6	 perpetrating an act of war against a country that has thousands of nuclear weapons. Biden promised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=630.4s	630.4	 us at the beginning of this war that he would keep us out of being directly involved. So this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=634.9s	634.9	 would directly contradict what he said at the beginning of this war. So I think it's a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=641.4s	641.4	 scary situation here. Yeah. No. You've been pro de-escalation. If the US didn't do it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=649.3s	649.3	 why don't we find the real killer? I actually have this. I have the theory. Here's my theory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=653.7s	653.7	 The CIA knew how to do it. Biden wants to do it. The Republicans want to do it. Obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=659.9s	659.9	 the people who are the most pro-stopping Nord Stream have been the Republicans. They've led this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=663.5s	663.5	 charge even more than the Democrats. So it's a bipartisan issue. Stop Nord Stream, bipartisan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=668.3s	668.3	 issue, hands down. I think the CIA probably knew how to do it. And just like we equipped the Ukraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=675.0s	675.0	 to do it, we might have facilitated the Ukraine and a collaborator, UK, Norway, some freelancers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=683.8s	683.8	 We have those freelance former Navy SEALs that operate. Perhaps the CIA just said to the Ukraine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=689.6s	689.6	 here's a black ops group. If you wanted to engage them, you could feel free to do so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=696.1s	696.1	 which would then split the difference between what Tsai is saying, what the CIA is saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=700.1s	700.1	 which is typically where the truth lies, is probably between what this investigative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=704.4s	704.4	 journalist of note has said and what the CIA is denying. The CIA probably has plausible deniability.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=711.6s	711.6	 That's my prediction. Well, if you could find a source for that story, J. Cal, that lays out in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=716.2s	716.2	 the same level of detail that Hirsch has laid out in terms of the meetings that occurred, what was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=721.4s	721.4	 approved when, how they did it, when they did it, the explosives they used, the divers they used.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=730.4s	730.4	 It goes into a fair amount of detail. Incredible detail. Yeah. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=735.6s	735.6	 down to what explosives, right? But you're trying to put what you just said, which is basically you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=739.8s	739.8	 inventing a story on the same level as Hirsch's story. Yeah, I understand. But he actually has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=745.6s	745.6	 a lot of detail in his story. Yeah. He had umpteen sources. There was a lot of people that were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=751.2s	751.2	 willing to tell the story. No, no, I don't think that's actually the case. I don't think he has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=755.0s	755.0	 umpteen sources. And there's no, on the record, there's one main source. There was one main source.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=760.6s	760.6	 Who provided a ton of detail. I don't know exactly how much he was able to directly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=764.3s	764.3	 corroborate with other sources. I don't know that. The other thing I wonder, Sachs, is he,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=769.8s	769.8	 with this one source story, he has a collaboration with the New Yorker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=774.1s	774.1	 And anybody would, if this was a really well-sourced and you could back it up kind of story,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=780.3s	780.3	 they would love to have the ratings for this story. This is a blockbuster story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=783.9s	783.9	 Or as happens a long time, which we learned, was it through the Valerie Plame affair,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=788.8s	788.8	 which is that these major news publications will sometimes have a back channel back to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=794.4s	794.4	 national security apparatus when they have something like this. And the message was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=797.9s	797.9	 you can't hit print on this. Yeah. In which case-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=800.2s	800.2	 That's a possibility too. He goes and just self-publishes himself,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=803.3s	803.3	 which wasn't really even an option a few years ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=806.8s	806.8	 No. Yeah. So I mean, this is the raw shock test of raw shock tests. You have the media,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=811.6s	811.6	 you got the CIA. It's fodder for a great movie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=814.0s	814.0	 What I go back to, J. Cal, is I think you can lay out some theories about, let's say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=818.0s	818.0	 you know, the Poles did it or maybe Ukrainians with the British or something. Yes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=823.4s	823.4	 you could lay out those theories, but the media wasn't willing to entertain any of those theories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=828.5s	828.5	 when this news broke. What did they do? They blamed the Russians. And that story made no sense,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=833.3s	833.3	 but they said it so definitively. They just reported it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=835.7s	835.7	 I'm looking for the source on that. Nick, if you could pull up the source of the administration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=840.3s	840.3	 blaming the Russians, I just want to make sure we're accurate on that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=842.3s	842.3	 Oh, Biden did it at a press conference. Yeah, I just want to make sure we actually have that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=844.9s	844.9	 He said it was an act of sabotage by the Russians. Now, they didn't push it that hard. What was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=849.0s	849.0	 interesting is the Biden administration set it, but they didn't keep coming back to it. But the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=852.8s	852.8	 media really ran with it. And when people on both the left and the right, like people like Jeffrey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=859.4s	859.4	 Sacks on the left and Tucker Carlson on the right, basically started to question whether the US could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=863.1s	863.1	 have done it. They were accused of being conspiracy theorists and, you know, Putin's stooges and all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=867.8s	867.8	 the rest of it. And now all of a sudden, here comes Seymour Hersh with a pretty detailed story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=873.8s	873.8	 lending credence to that point of view. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=877.4s	877.4	 It just may indicate we don't know everything that's going on with this war. And I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=883.0s	883.0	 longer this goes on, the more dangerous it is. Freberg, you have any thoughts on geopolitical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=888.5s	888.5	 issues and who might have blown up Nord Stream? What are your sources saying, Freberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=894.9s	894.9	 What are your sources in science quarter saying?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=897.4s	897.4	 Speculation is best left to the future. I don't know about the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=901.6s	901.6	 speculating on what could have been done in the past by someone. Those are conspiracy theories.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=908.1s	908.1	 They're not actually conspiracy theories. Nord Stream was blown up. You understand that, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=913.2s	913.2	 Like there's no doubt that it was blown up. No, I'm saying J.Kal's theory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=916.5s	916.5	 Oh yeah. J.Kal's theory is just a story with no evidence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=918.6s	918.6	 I think you've got to bring data to the table. Yeah, to their pure theory. Pure speculation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=922.6s	922.6	 You've got to bring data to the table to make it a...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=924.6s	924.6	 By the way, speaking of which, Radek Sikorski, who is a Polish diplomat, I think he was like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=930.6s	930.6	 their foreign minister, when Nord Stream blew up, he tweeted a photo of it saying, thank you USA.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=938.9s	938.9	 Which was one of the reasons why people thought that, okay, like, yeah, of course the US did it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=944.0s	944.0	 Who has the capability to do it? Who has the motive to do it? Who said they were going to do it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=949.6s	949.6	 And who benefits? Ukraine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=951.0s	951.0	 Who benefits? Who was conducting NATO exercises in that region
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=955.4s	955.4	 three months before the thing blew up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=958.5s	958.5	 Yeah, exactly. And Jeffrey Sachs pointed that out on, I think it was a CNBC interview before they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=964.2s	964.2	 basically stopped him because he's not allowed to talk about this on network TV, apparently. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=969.4s	969.4	 he basically pointed out there were like US radar signatures in the area.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=972.4s	972.4	 President Joe Biden declared that, this is from Bloomberg, that a massive leak from the Nord Stream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=976.6s	976.6	 gas pipeline system in the Baltic Sea was an intentional act and that the Russian statements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=980.4s	980.4	 about the incident shouldn't be trusted. It was a deliberate act of sabotage. And now the Russians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=984.0s	984.0	 are pumping out disinformation lies. Biden told reporters Friday at the White House.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=987.4s	987.4	 So he didn't exactly say the Russians did it. He just said it's an act of don't believe the Russians.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=991.8s	991.8	 What's that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=992.6s	992.6	 The media did. You could do one of these montages where it was like Russian sabotage. In fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=998.3s	998.3	 good amount of-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=999.0s	999.0	 But just to be clear, Biden didn't say it was sabotage. He said it was an act of sabotage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1002.7s	1002.7	 If you actually look at what Biden said, everything he said is absolutely true if the US also did it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1008.4s	1008.4	 Correct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1009.9s	1009.9	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1010.4s	1010.4	 He may have wanted to be circumspect.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1011.9s	1011.9	 Every single sentence that Joe Biden said is 100% true, whether we did it or whether Russia did it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1018.5s	1018.5	 It was a deliberate act of sabotage in part. He's like, buy us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1022.8s	1022.8	 Think about it. If we did it, we know they didn't do it. And then we have to be careful about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1028.8s	1028.8	 suggesting they did it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1029.9s	1029.9	 Well, what do the Germans think? Because this is the German's pipeline.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1033.5s	1033.5	 So if we blew it up, that's also an... Explain to me your thinking on the chessboard of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1039.7s	1039.7	 relationship with Germany if we blew it up. Would they not also see that as a hostile act?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1043.8s	1043.8	 This is why I asked if Europe knew, because I think you have to tell Germany that it's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1047.5s	1047.5	 to happen. And I think the quid pro quo with Germany is some amount of guaranteed supply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1054.6s	1054.6	 that the US directs into Europe so that they know that their long-term LNG supply is intact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1060.8s	1060.8	 so that they become ambivalent. There's a point of indifference where the Germans say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1066.2s	1066.2	 okay, we don't know when this thing is going to get turned back on, and we don't know what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1069.3s	1069.3	 the implications of it are. Here's what our demands are, meaning our energy supply, our energy needs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1074.3s	1074.3	 are. And so as long as the United States can say, look, worst case we have stuff in the SPR that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1082.3s	1082.3	 can give you, there's probably a point of indifference where the Germans say, okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1085.7s	1085.7	 we're just going to turn around and not say anything. And I'm curious, did the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1088.6s	1088.6	 Germans say anything when this happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1090.7s	1090.7	 No, not that I know of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1092.3s	1092.3	 I'm looking for the German... I was literally just typed in Nick, what was the German's position on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1095.9s	1095.9	 this because- That's interesting too. That's a tell.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1097.9s	1097.9	 Well, yeah, if you're breaking this down like a poker hand, we're trying to figure out-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1101.9s	1101.9	 If you construct this hand preflop, it's like you know where both of these folks are, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1107.2s	1107.2	 Okay, there was a really interesting video that a guy named Matt Orfalia, who puts together these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1113.5s	1113.5	 really funny videos, he puts together these montages of media reactions to things. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1119.4s	1119.4	 he shows is that you can have like 20 different media outlets and they all use the exact same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1123.8s	1123.8	 words. And when he clips it together, you can see the reading from somebody's talking points
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1129.2s	1129.2	 and it's not really clear who. And basically, if you look at his video here on who blew up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1134.5s	1134.5	 Nord Stream pipeline, you see that there was like a party line from the mainstream media on this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1139.6s	1139.6	 stuff. No longer a Nord Stream too. We will bring it into it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1144.6s	1144.6	 How will you do that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1147.0s	1147.0	 I promise you we'll be able to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1150.0s	1150.0	 So far, we blew up Russia's Nord Stream pipeline.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1153.7s	1153.7	 I mean, we have to conclude without the evidence that it's most likely Russia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1158.3s	1158.3	 Russian sabotage on its own infrastructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1161.4s	1161.4	 The common sense matter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1162.5s	1162.5	 I think it's Putin's way of sending a message.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1164.9s	1164.9	 What Putin is saying to us by blowing up his pipeline is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1167.9s	1167.9	 look, I can blow up a pipeline. Everyone knows that Putin did this himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1171.5s	1171.5	 Who are these talking heads?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1172.6s	1172.6	 Smoking gun without the direct proof.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1174.8s	1174.8	 Yeah, I think logic and common sense will tell you that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1177.2s	1177.2	 Without the evidence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1178.3s	1178.3	 Russia was behind the incident.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1179.8s	1179.8	 We can say it for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1181.1s	1181.1	 Who sabotaged the Nord Stream 2 pipeline?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1184.2s	1184.2	 The Russians.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1185.4s	1185.4	 This is nonsense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1186.2s	1186.2	 Come on, that's hysterical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1187.2s	1187.2	 It's these talking heads who have no first-hand experience and they're more than willing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1190.9s	1190.9	 comment on this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1191.5s	1191.5	 That's hysterical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1192.2s	1192.2	 It's fantastic, it's fantastic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1193.4s	1193.4	 It's unbelievable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1194.0s	1194.0	 All his videos are like that where, he has one on the Hunter Biden laptop as well, where again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1199.1s	1199.1	 he's got like 20 different talking heads and media outlets all portraying it in exactly the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1205.5s	1205.5	 language. And it just makes you realize that there's a narrative around things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1210.2s	1210.2	 On the Sunday morning shows, you hear the same narrative from each side.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1214.2s	1214.2	 How does that actually get coordinated? Each side builds those bullet points,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1218.0s	1218.0	 emails their, what do they call them? Surrogates. They email all the surrogates and say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1222.9s	1222.9	 just keep saying these things over and over again to codify-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1226.3s	1226.3	 Yeah, it's a WhatsApp group.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1228.0s	1228.0	 It's a WhatsApp group and they're just like, say this over and over again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1231.5s	1231.5	 How does it work, Sax?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1232.5s	1232.5	 I think it's partly talking points, memos that go out to chat groups. I think it's also just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1236.7s	1236.7	 people looking on Twitter and then there's like certain key nodes that they follow and they know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1242.4s	1242.4	 okay, this is the party line because such and such key person is saying it and they take their cues.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1247.4s	1247.4	 It's that memetic, mememic effect that you guys always talk about people-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1252.1s	1252.1	 Memetic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1252.6s	1252.6	 Memetic, yeah, the memetic-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1254.1s	1254.1	 Yeah, the thing to understand is that all of the prestige outlets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1257.5s	1257.5	 repeat the same party line and have the same perspective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1260.3s	1260.3	 Yeah. You got to do your own search for information.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1263.5s	1263.5	 This is the beauty of Substack actually. This is why Substack is so important is it actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1266.9s	1266.9	 gives you an alternative.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1267.8s	1267.8	 It's disruptive. Yeah, it's pretty disruptive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1268.8s	1268.8	 It gives you an alternative because you've got 10 different mainstream media networks or newspapers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1275.1s	1275.1	 and magazines, but they all have exactly the same talking points except maybe Fox News is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1279.0s	1279.0	 kind of the one exception. Although even Fox on the whole Nord Stream thing, you saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1283.5s	1283.5	 that Fox can be pretty militaristic and they had the same generals basically blaming the Russians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1288.7s	1288.7	 for this on Fox.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1289.7s	1289.7	 Yeah, Germany's position is just, hey, everybody, this is sabotage. So that's it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1295.3s	1295.3	 But not who did the sabotage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1296.8s	1296.8	 I think you asked a really good question there about the German interest in this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1300.8s	1300.8	 Right now, the German economic interest and the German foreign policy interests are not aligned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1306.7s	1306.7	 What's clearly best for the German economy is to have cheap natural gas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1310.8s	1310.8	 powering its industries even if it comes from Russian pipelines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1315.9s	1315.9	 And they no longer have that anymore. In fact, they may never have that again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1319.7s	1319.7	 So they're going to pay a very high price economically, maybe forever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1323.4s	1323.4	 And remember, their whole economy is based on industry. They're very industrial power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1328.7s	1328.7	 So if this war drags on for a long time, I think Schultz might be in some political trouble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1333.1s	1333.1	 precisely because he's gone along with the Americans on this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1337.9s	1337.9	 And there is a growing political opposition to this war inside of Germany.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1342.7s	1342.7	 War fatigue is a real thing. And this thing's got to wrap up at some point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1346.8s	1346.8	 Any final thoughts, Friedberg? You didn't get too involved in that conversation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1350.8s	1350.8	 But what is any game theory from you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1357.4s	1357.4	 No.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1358.3s	1358.3	 Okay. There you have it, folks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1360.4s	1360.4	 Sultan of Science checking in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1361.5s	1361.5	 What's the problem? You don't want to criticize the establishment?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1365.8s	1365.8	 It's always very personal with Sacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1368.1s	1368.1	 You predicted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1369.2s	1369.2	 Why don't you have my position on this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1372.1s	1372.1	 I'm trying to understand because I don't think anyone has.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1374.7s	1374.7	 I'm not I'm not pro establishment. I think you know that. I think I'm just analytical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1378.7s	1378.7	 around the fact that I think there's a strong orientation towards conflict.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1381.5s	1381.5	 And I think there still is. I don't think that there's much of an incentive or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1385.7s	1385.7	 a motivation to back down because this conflict creates a significant amount of debt owed back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1391.1s	1391.1	 to the US. It creates a potential future asset stream, creates a realignment of power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1397.8s	1397.8	 Everyone's looking externally as internal economic conflict and wealth disparity issues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1404.7s	1404.7	 arise and economic growth is challenged and inflation is soaring. It's a great place to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1411.1s	1411.1	 address one's energy. So I think all of this stuff is detailed analytical shenanigans around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1416.8s	1416.8	 who's saying what or who's doing what. I think the underlying thesis and the underlying river
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1421.2s	1421.2	 that's flowing is one that's looking for external conflict. I think the same is true with the US and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1426.4s	1426.4	 China. And I think-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1428.4s	1428.4	 You're talking about the military industrial complex is going to benefit massively from this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1432.8s	1432.8	 The longer this drags out, the more the conflict in Taiwan heats up, the more we're going to invest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1439.9s	1439.9	 in our military.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1440.9s	1440.9	 We often talk about these things as if they're like top down, like master plan driven. And as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1446.2s	1446.2	 we all know, like they're more Ouija board driven. It's a bunch of guys that got their hand on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1450.7s	1450.7	 Ouija board and they're all just had a little too much caffeine. You know, and in this case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1455.7s	1455.7	 I think it's just more about like everyone's a little anxious and the anxieties leading to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1461.5s	1461.5	 a desire for more conflict. We're not happy at home. If you're happy at home, you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1465.2s	1465.2	 looking externally for conflict. That's true in nearly every developed nation on earth today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1471.9s	1471.9	 That's it. I don't know. Pretty simple.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1473.6s	1473.6	 I like your position.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1474.4s	1474.4	 I think it's a great take. I think it's a great take. I think there are a lot of interests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1479.3s	1479.3	 who benefit from war. And I think the foreign policy establishment is funded by those interests.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1484.4s	1484.4	 And that's kind of wired for war, at least in terms of the reflex, right? Even something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1489.9s	1489.9	 as relatively harmless as a balloon. That becomes like a casus bella. It's like people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1495.9s	1495.9	 ready to go to war against China over that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1498.4s	1498.4	 I saw a couple of military leaders give a talk a few months ago. It's in a private thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1503.9s	1503.9	 So it wasn't on public record.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1505.9s	1505.9	 With the establishment?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1507.1s	1507.1	 No. Yeah. I was at the establishment gathering.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1509.9s	1509.9	 Oh, this is the Illuminati? Did you genuflect twice going in?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1513.5s	1513.5	 You do one genuflect on each knee, then they give you the bag of capitalism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1517.2s	1517.2	 Do you guys see my pen on my lapel?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1521.1s	1521.1	 What was striking to me in this particular thing where these guys were being interviewed on stage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1525.9s	1525.9	 at a dinner thing, and they were so oriented around their next steps in escalation. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1535.6s	1535.6	 think it speaks to the point, Zach. None of them were thinking about where are we at today? How
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1541.4s	1541.4	 do we deescalate? What is this going to get? There was no conversation at all from anyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1545.7s	1545.7	 about resolution or deescalation. With every single one of them, it was all about my orientation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1552.1s	1552.1	 for getting bigger, going deeper, going harder, going stronger, making this thing bigger.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1556.6s	1556.6	 And I think that was really scary to me because I didn't hear anyone having a conversation around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1561.3s	1561.3	 like, how do we, should we even consider whether or not this doesn't get bigger? Everyone was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1566.1s	1566.1	 thinking assumptively it was going to get bigger. I like the Ouija board.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1570.2s	1570.2	 You have to follow the financial incentives. When the last time we looked at this, right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1573.9s	1573.9	 Leon Panetta and all these other guys who were screaming for war, they were getting paid by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1578.2s	1578.2	 military industrial complex. I remember when Lloyd Austin was nominated as defense secretary,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1583.7s	1583.7	 he had some conflict issues because he was just on the board of Northrop Grumman or one of these big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1588.9s	1588.9	 military industrial companies. And so of course these generals have to push for war because as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1594.2s	1594.2	 long as they're girding for war, they're guaranteed to have for them a very lucrative job once they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1601.7s	1601.7	 leave the military. The Ouija board though, Saxon, I'll throw to you, maybe you can keep this metaphor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1606.8s	1606.8	 going. The media has got their hands on it. They want ratings. You have the energy industrial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1611.1s	1611.1	 complex in this German conflict who seeks to benefit massively if people invest in renewables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1616.6s	1616.6	 or you find other oil off Norway. Norway's oil is one of the largest reserves that's untapped.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1624.0s	1624.0	 So you have this Ouija board, media, energy, and the military industrial complex all moving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1629.1s	1629.1	 it at once. Maybe you can speak to that analogy. That's right. And everyone wants to move it to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1631.8s	1631.8	 the side of the Ouija board that says escalate. There are very few people that have the energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1636.0s	1636.0	 to move it to the other side that says deescalate. It's not profitable. Deescalation means less energy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1640.8s	1640.8	 more less investment. So yeah, you're going to go escalate. You know who warned us about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1645.1s	1645.1	 military industrial complex? Yes. Dwight Eisenhower, supreme mile like commander in World War II,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1650.8s	1650.8	 wins the war, patriot war hero, top general, becomes president, republican president, and his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1657.1s	1657.1	 departing address warns us that yes, we need a defense industry, but they become a vested interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1663.3s	1663.3	 in favor of foreign interventions of war. And where is the- He was on the other side of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1669.5s	1669.5	 Where's the interest on the other side of it? I can tell you this. The American people don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1674.5s	1674.5	 want to be in a war with Russia. I don't even think most of the American people want to send
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1678.7s	1678.7	 a hundred billion over there. They want to send a hundred billion to their cities to fix crime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1684.7s	1684.7	 and all the other problems. Yeah. Homelessness, everything. Yeah. If you've never seen that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1688.2s	1688.2	 farewell address from 1961, it is well worth watching. You can find it on YouTube. Just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1692.4s	1692.4	 search for military industrial complex Eisenhower. And this is a person who was part of the military
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1698.5s	1698.5	 industrial complex saying, watch out for this. It was a very pressing warning. He knew of what she spoke.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1703.1s	1703.1	 Yes. He was in the machine. He helped build the machine. Welcome to the All In Podcast with us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1707.8s	1707.8	 again, David the Dove's Axe, Chamath Palihapitiya, and the Sultan of Science who was on his podcast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1714.2s	1714.2	 Oh my God. So many podcasts you're doing. The Sultan of Science is in hot demand. What are all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1719.6s	1719.6	 these podcasts you're doing, Freberg? All these science podcasts pulling you in. I did a podcast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1723.2s	1723.2	 with Brian Keating last week who was really kind enough to reach out. He's had some awesome guests.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1727.6s	1727.6	 He's a cosmologist at UCSD professor down there. And we were supposed to record that day. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1736.0s	1736.0	 we canceled, I think last minute, right? Yeah. I was only supposed to be on with him for an hour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1739.8s	1739.8	 And I'm like, oh, well, my next thing just got freed up. So ended up doing like three hours.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1744.3s	1744.3	 It was, I was so, I was like exhausted that day. So I look really hungover on the video and probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1749.2s	1749.2	 par for the course. Yeah. But no Lex Friedman for you. So Chamath and I have done Friedman,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1754.6s	1754.6	 Lex Friedman, but you have not. Has he invited you yet, Lex? Has Lex invited you? No, no, he's not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1759.7s	1759.7	 Where's my invitation? Where's my invitation? I don't know what's going on here. Collect all four,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1763.1s	1763.1	 Lex. What are you doing? All right. No Davos and no Lex Friedman.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1767.9s	1767.9	 Well, yeah. What's going on? You would never- Am I too anti-establishment? What's going on?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1771.1s	1771.1	 No, I'm too anti-establishment, Sacks. That's, you know, you've mischaracterized me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1775.2s	1775.2	 Nobody, nobody's inviting this quartet to anything. We're not doing all in live from Davos. It's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1783.6s	1783.6	 happening folks. Sorry. They don't have that heat. I agree. I'm with Groucho Marx. I don't want to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1788.9s	1788.9	 part of any club that would have me as a member. Absolutely. And they also don't want you there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1792.7s	1792.7	 anyway. So it works out for everybody. It does fill me with like a rage where I actually might agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1799.9s	1799.9	 to doing the all in summit again. By the way, proposal coming your way this weekend. If you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1805.5s	1805.5	 want to really, really, really, really from your nose at the establishment. Yes, let's do it. Set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1809.8s	1809.8	 it during the exact same dates and times as an establishment conference. Oh, the alt Davos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1816.3s	1816.3	 And then invite all the best guests so that they are, they come to ours. Just a suggestion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1820.0s	1820.0	 Forced them to choose all Ted. Ted's not going to live it now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1822.3s	1822.3	 I guess more Davos. You know how Vanity Fair does their new establishment conference? You could call it the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1825.5s	1825.5	 anti-establishment. Oh, that's a tagline. Let's come up with a tagline that just tweaks everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1831.0s	1831.0	 And then we invite- Well, we should create a list. We should create the anti-list.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1834.2s	1834.2	 You know, they have their like establishment list. We should have the anti-list.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1837.5s	1837.5	 That's a good point. I like the anti-establishment. Start with them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1841.9s	1841.9	 I have a great Vanity Fair establishment thing story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1846.2s	1846.2	 Okay. I snuck on that list. They put me on that list a decade ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1850.8s	1850.8	 Let's pull it. Let me find a link. Go on. Keep. And the most incredible thing about it is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1855.1s	1855.1	 when you go to the event, which was kind of a cool event, we all had photos taken by Annie Leibovitz.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1860.8s	1860.8	 Oh. And I have a montage of some of the people that took photos that day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1868.4s	1868.4	 That's pretty cool. Me, Erin Levy, Priscilla Chan, Bezos, bunch of people. But-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1873.7s	1873.7	 I was about to say, just before you had the dad bod and no fashion sense. Yeah. It was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1880.6s	1880.6	 yeah. Oh, look, he looks great. Here it is. I just-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1884.4s	1884.4	 Basically, I had no stylist. I had a bad haircut. I was wearing shitty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1888.6s	1888.6	 Portland glasses. It was like a year or two post Facebook. It was not a good look for me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1892.8s	1892.8	 Yeah, but that's not the- That's not that bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1895.1s	1895.1	 I'll show you the picture. Is that Tom Ford? That was your Tom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1897.3s	1897.3	 Ford face? It was definitely Tom Ford.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1898.8s	1898.8	 But he's doing the jeans blazer thing, which is like a really tired look for a silk and dowry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1903.9s	1903.9	 Pre-skinny jeans, though. It was like a little loose.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1905.6s	1905.6	 Pre-skinny jeans, yeah. That was in 2011.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1910.3s	1910.3	 2012. Not bad. Not bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1911.4s	1911.4	 That sounds so bad. Just don't pull up the Chamath pictures when he's wearing his Macy's shirt. If
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1917.4s	1917.4	 you do the Google search, you put the images before 2011, you will find Chamath photos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1922.7s	1922.7	 Dude, at Facebook, I wore the same thing every day for four years. Five years is brutal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1930.9s	1930.9	 Oh my God. What is- That's also Tom Ford.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1934.3s	1934.3	 Let's take a look. We've got to break this down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1936.4s	1936.4	 See, this is when the sweater game was not tight. This is like sweater 1.0 game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1939.9s	1939.9	 I didn't know what I was doing back then. Stop. Put these pictures off, please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1943.4s	1943.4	 Look, he's also got the watch subtly peeking out. This is back when he was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1947.1s	1947.1	 oh, I got a Rolex. That's a Patek, but anyways, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1952.3s	1952.3	 This is when the watch is rolling five fingers. At a zero, please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1955.3s	1955.3	 I don't know if that watch got to six fingers or two, but yeah, same story. Same, same,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1959.7s	1959.7	 Jake Al. Same, same, same. All right, well, listen. I got an Apple watch and I'm going to-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1964.8s	1964.8	 Oh, jeez. That's the dad vibes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1966.9s	1966.9	 Go teacher, Bob. There's the dad vibes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1970.7s	1970.7	 Wow. That must have been from-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1973.2s	1973.2	 Mayfield? Yeah, that was 13, 14 years ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1975.9s	1975.9	 Wow. God, you had no style.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1978.4s	1978.4	 I really didn't. It was rough.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1981.1s	1981.1	 I really didn't. It's rough. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1982.2s	1982.2	 don't pull up pictures of me. I was fat. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1984.4s	1984.4	 Pictures of me eating egg sandwiches all over the internet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1986.5s	1986.5	 Oh my gosh. Yeah, chubby Jake Al.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1988.5s	1988.5	 Oh man, look at that face. There he is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1990.3s	1990.3	 Oh, that's plus 20 pounds. Let's keep this going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1993.5s	1993.5	 Search words, Microsoft versus Google. Okay, it's been a rough couple of days for Google.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=1997.4s	1997.4	 We've all seen it. Google and Microsoft both did live demos of their new gener of AI, yada, yada,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2003.3s	2003.3	 you guys all know about chat GPT, but now Bing is integrating it into their search engine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2007.8s	2007.8	 getting there before Google and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, he is going ham. He looks great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2015.7s	2015.7	 He's fit. He's wearing a tight t-shirt and he is saying he's going to make Google dance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2020.4s	2020.4	 Dance, Google, dance. He is getting up in their business and listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2025.2s	2025.2	 he is in a distant second place so it makes sense. On the other hand, Google's AI demo was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2032.6s	2032.6	 frankly a bit of a disaster, poorly received, stock they dropped 12% since this event.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2038.1s	2038.1	 And their presentation did not include the chat that Bard because in search,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2044.3s	2044.3	 because it wasn't working, it seems like there was an error in it when they said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2048.2s	2048.2	 what new discoveries from the James Webb Space Telescope can I tell my nine-year-old? And Bard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2053.2s	2053.2	 answered that it took the first pictures of a planet outside our solar system, which is false,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2058.7s	2058.7	 which of course we all know about chat GPT. It's only right half the time and it's a little woke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2065.1s	2065.1	 on the margins. So anyway, there was a screenshot circulating today, which is probably false,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2072.7s	2072.7	 but it says the following. Me and a bunch of coworkers were just laid off from Google for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2077.5s	2077.5	 our AI demo going wrong. It was a team of 168 people who prepared the slides for the demo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2081.6s	2081.6	 All of us are out of jobs. I can't imagine that's real. But if it was, that would be a hardcore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2086.3s	2086.3	 moment for Google to fire a bunch of people for screwing it up. Listen, you worked in the belly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2091.4s	2091.4	 of the beast for your Berg. What are your thoughts on being poking the tiger and telling Google dance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2098.9s	2098.9	 you know, Sundar dance? You know, what's interesting is Google's had like an incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2104.1s	2104.1	 AI competency, particularly since they bought deep mind. And it's been predominantly oriented
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2110.0s	2110.0	 towards kind of, you know, internal problems. You know, they're, they demonstrated last year that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2115.9s	2115.9	 their AI improved data center energy efficiency by 40%. They've used it for ad optimization,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2122.5s	2122.5	 ad copy optimization, the YouTube follow video algorithm. So what video is suggested to you as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2129.3s	2129.3	 your next video to watch, which massively increased YouTube hours watched per user,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2135.3s	2135.3	 which massively increased YouTube revenue? You know, what's the right time and place to insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2140.3s	2140.3	 videos in YouTube or insert ads and YouTube videos? So, you know, auto fill in Gmail and doc. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2145.8s	2145.8	 so much of this competency has been oriented specifically to avoid this primary disruption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2151.4s	2151.4	 in search. Obviously, now things have come to a bit of a point because, you know, this alternative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2158.1s	2158.1	 for search has been revealed in chat GPT. And you guys can kind of think about search and, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2164.3s	2164.3	 we've used this term in the past, Larry and Sergey, the textbook that they read, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2169.2s	2169.2	 one of the original textbooks that's used in internet search engine technology is called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2173.9s	2173.9	 information retrieval, information retrieval. So information retrieval is this idea that you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2178.4s	2178.4	 how do you pull data from a static data set? And it involves scanning that data set or crawling it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2185.3s	2185.3	 and then creating an index against it. And then a ranking model for how do you pull stuff out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2189.3s	2189.3	 index to present the results from the data that's available based on what it is you're querying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2195.9s	2195.9	 for? You know, and doing that all in a 10th of a second. So, you know, if you think about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2201.1s	2201.1	 information retrieval problem, you type in the data or some rough estimation of the data you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2206.4s	2206.4	 pull up, and then a list is presented to you. And over time, Google realized, hey, we could show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2211.5s	2211.5	 that data in smarter, quicker ways. Like if we can identify that you're looking for a very specific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2216.3s	2216.3	 answer, we can reveal that answer in the one box, which is the thing that sits above the search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2220.2s	2220.2	 results. Like if you said, what time is it? You know, when does this movie show at this theater?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2224.7s	2224.7	 So they can pull out the structured data and give you a very specific answer rather than a list from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2229.5s	2229.5	 the database. And then over time, there were other kind of modalities for displaying data that it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2235.3s	2235.3	 turns out were even better than the list like maps, or shopping, or you can kind of see a matrix of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2241.5s	2241.5	 results, or YouTube where you can see a longer form version of content. And so these different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2247.1s	2247.1	 kind of information retrieval media were presented to you. And it really kind of changed the game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2255.1s	2255.1	 and created much better user satisfaction in terms of getting what they were looking for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2260.7s	2260.7	 The challenge with this new modality is it's not really fully encompassing. So if you can kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2267.2s	2267.2	 think about the human computer interaction problem, you want to see flight times, and airlines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2274.1s	2274.1	 and the price of flights in a matrix, you don't necessarily want a text stream written to you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2280.6s	2280.6	 to give you the, you know, the answer that you're looking for. Or you want to see a visual display
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2286.2s	2286.2	 of shopping results, or you do want to see a bunch of different people's commentary,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2291.3s	2291.3	 because you're looking for different points of view on a topic, rather than just get an answer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2295.3s	2295.3	 But there are certainly a bunch of answer solutions for which chat GPT type, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2301.1s	2301.1	 natural language responsiveness becomes a fantastic and better mode to present answers to you than the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2308.4s	2308.4	 matrix, or the list, or the ranking, and so on. Now, the one thing that I think is worth noting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2313.3s	2313.3	 I did a back of the envelope analysis on the cost of doing this compared to chat GPT. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2319.3s	2319.3	 so Google makes about three bucks per click, you can back into what the revenue per search is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2323.1s	2323.1	 a bunch of different ways. One way is three bucks per click, about a 3% click through rate on ads.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2327.9s	2327.9	 Some people estimate this is about right about five cents to 10 cents revenue per search done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2332.5s	2332.5	 on Google, or anywhere from one cent to 10 cents. Even if they don't click the ads,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2336.7s	2336.7	 because one out of 100 people click an ad, and that's where the money comes from.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2339.5s	2339.5	 So let's just call it five cents, right? And you can assume a roughly 50% margin on that search,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2345.5s	2345.5	 which means a 50% cogs or cost of goods, or a cost to run that search and present those ads.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2351.6s	2351.6	 So, you know, right now, Google search costs them about, you know, call it two and a half cents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2357.6s	2357.6	 per search to present the results. A recent estimate on running the GPT-3 model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2364.8s	2364.8	 for chat GPT is that each result takes about 30 cents of compute. So it's about an order of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2372.1s	2372.1	 magnitude higher cost to run that search result than it is to do it through a traditional search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2379.1s	2379.1	 query. Today. Today. That's right. And so that's the point. Like it has to come down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2385.1s	2385.1	 by about an order of magnitude. Now, this then becomes a very deep technical discussion that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2392.0s	2392.0	 I'm certainly not the expert, but there are a lot of great experts that there's great blogs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2395.9s	2395.9	 sub stacks on this, on what's it going to take to get there to get a 10x reduction in cost on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2401.0s	2401.0	 running these models. And there's a lot related to kind of optimization on how you run them on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2405.5s	2405.5	 a compute platform, the type of compute hardware that's being used all the way down to the chips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2410.3s	2410.3	 that are being used. So there's still quite a lot of work to go before this becomes truly economically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2416.7s	2416.7	 competitive with Google. And that really matters. Because if you get to the scale of Google, you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2421.9s	2421.9	 talking about spending eight to $20 billion a quarter just to run search results and display
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2427.6s	2427.6	 them. And so for chat GPT type solutions on Bing or elsewhere to scale, and to use that as the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2432.9s	2432.9	 modality, you're talking about something that today would cost $80 billion a quarter to run from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2438.4s	2438.4	 a compute perspective, if you were to do this across all search queries. So it's certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2442.3s	2442.3	 going to be a total game changer for a subset of search queries. But to make it economically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2447.9s	2447.9	 work for these businesses, whether it's Bing or Google or others, there's a lot of work still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2453.9s	2453.9	 to be done. The great part about this Chamath is that Bing gave 10 billion to our friends,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2460.5s	2460.5	 Sam and chat GPT to invest in Azure, which now has the infrastructure and will be providing the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2467.6s	2467.6	 chat GPT infrastructure to startups or corporations, big companies and small like. So that $10 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2474.0s	2474.0	 should do enough to grind it down between software optimization, data optimization,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2478.7s	2478.7	 chip optimization and cloud optimization. Yes, you would think so or no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2482.3s	2482.3	 The ability to run this at scale is going to happen because we're getting better and better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2489.4s	2489.4	 at creating silicon that specializes in doing things in a massively parallelized way. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2495.9s	2495.9	 cost of energy at the same time is getting cheaper and cheaper along with it. When you multiply these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2500.8s	2500.8	 two things together, the effect of it is that you'll be able to run these models. The same output
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2505.8s	2505.8	 today will cost one one tenth as long as you ride the energy and compute curve for the next few
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2510.1s	2510.1	 years. So that's just going to naturally happen. I have two interesting takeaways.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2515.8s	2515.8	 And one is maybe a little bit of a sidebar. So the sidebar is, if you guys were sitting on top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2521.9s	2521.9	 of something that you thought was as foundational as Google search back in 1999, would you have sold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2528.7s	2528.7	 49% of it for $10 billion? Hard dough. I think the answer is no. I think the answer is no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2535.6s	2535.6	 Not in an environment where you have unlimited ability to raise capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2539.1s	2539.1	 This is something that we've said before, which is that chat GPT is an incredibly important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2543.5s	2543.5	 innovation. But it's an element of a platform who will get quickly commoditized because everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2549.9s	2549.9	 will compete over time. And so I think what Microsoft is doing is the natural thing for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2556.5s	2556.5	 somebody on the outside looking in at an entity that has 93% share of a very valuable category,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2561.9s	2561.9	 which is how can I scorch the earth? And so Microsoft effectively for 10 billion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2567.4s	2567.4	 bought almost 50% of a tool. And now we'll make that tool as pervasive as possible so that consumer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2574.0s	2574.0	 expectations are such that Google is forced to decay the quality of their business model in order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2580.5s	2580.5	 to compete. So that as Friedberg said, you have to invest in all kinds of compute resources that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2585.5s	2585.5	 today are still somewhat expensive. And that will flow into the PNL. And what you will see is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2591.3s	2591.3	 the business quality degrades. And this is why when Google did the demo of Bard, the first thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2597.9s	2597.9	 that happened was a stock went off 500 basis points. They lopped off a hundred billion dollars of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2602.3s	2602.3	 market cap, mostly in reaction to, oh my God, this is not good for the long-term business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2607.0s	2607.0	 So the real question-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2608.0s	2608.0	 Explain why it's not good for the long-term business on a mechanical basis. When you get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2611.0s	2611.0	 an answer, you don't have to click the links?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2612.6s	2612.6	 No. Right now, if you look at Google's business, they have the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2616.2s	2616.2	 business model ever invented on earth ever for a profit company. It just rains money. This is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2625.5s	2625.5	 business that this year will do almost a hundred billion dollars of free cashflow. It's a business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2630.3s	2630.3	 that has to find ways and we kind of joke, but they have to find ways to spend money. Otherwise,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2635.5s	2635.5	 they'd be showing probably 50 or 60% EBITDA margins and people would wonder, hey, wait a minute,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2641.1s	2641.1	 you can't let something like this go unattended. So they try to do a lot more things to make that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2646.7s	2646.7	 core treasure look not as incredible as it is. They have 120 billion of cash. This is a business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2654.7s	2654.7	 that's just an absolute juggernaut and-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2656.7s	2656.7	 They have 10 times as many employees as they need to run the core business. That says enough.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2660.3s	2660.3	 I don't know what that is, but my point is that it's an incredible business. So that business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2665.1s	2665.1	 will get worse if Microsoft takes a few hundred basis points of share, if Microsoft takes a few
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2671.0s	2671.0	 meta, takes a few hundred basis points of share, if Tencent does, if a few startups do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2676.5s	2676.5	 Quora, by the way, launched something called PoE, which I was experimenting and playing around with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2680.9s	2680.9	 last weekend. If you add it all up, what Satya said is true, which is even if all we do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2685.9s	2685.9	 collectively as an industry is take 500 or 600 basis points of share away from Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2692.7s	2692.7	 it doesn't create that much incremental cost for us, but it does create enormous headwinds and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2699.1s	2699.1	 pressure for Google with respect to how they are valued and how they will have to get revalued.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2704.5s	2704.5	 And that's what happened. So the last thing I'll say is the question that I've been thinking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2708.5s	2708.5	 is what does Sundar do? So what's the countermeasure?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2712.5s	2712.5	 Yes, this is what I was going to get to you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2713.9s	2713.9	 I think the countermeasure here, if I was him, is to go to the board and say, guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2719.4s	2719.4	 we're going to double TAC. So TAC is the traffic acquisition cost that Google pays their publishers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2726.2s	2726.2	 It is effectively their way of guaranteeing an exclusivity on search traffic. So for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2733.1s	2733.1	 if you guys have an iPhone, it's Google search. That's the default search in the iPhone. Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2738.2s	2738.2	 pays Apple. This year, this renegotiation for that deal could mean that Apple gets paid $25 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2745.1s	2745.1	 for giving away that right to Google. So Google does all these kinds of deals. Last year, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2749.5s	2749.5	 spent I think $45 billion or so, so about 21%. In a way, when you think about that, Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2755.1s	2755.1	 Google basically paid Apple, which was working on search technology. They were working on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2759.2s	2759.2	 search solution. They paid them to stay out of the business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2761.8s	2761.8	 And they're paying everybody. So I think the question for Google is the following. If you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2765.1s	2765.1	 think you're going to lose share, and let's say you go to 75% share, would you rather go there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2771.9s	2771.9	 and actually still maintain your core stranglehold on search? Or do you actually want 75% share where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2780.3s	2780.3	 now all of these other competitors have been seeded? Well, you can decay business model quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2785.7s	2785.7	 and still remain exclusive if you just double the tap. And what you do is you put all these other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2791.2s	2791.2	 guys on their heels, because as we talked about, if you're paying publishers two times more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2796.1s	2796.1	 than what anybody else is paying them, you'll be able to get publishers to say, Hey, you know what,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2801.0s	2801.0	 don't let those AI agents crawl your website, because I'm paying you all this money. Remember
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2805.1s	2805.1	 that, right? So do not crawl in robots.txt equivalent for these AI agents. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2811.5s	2811.5	 that that'll put Microsoft and all these other folks on their heels. And then as you have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2816.2s	2816.2	 figure out all this derivative work stuff, all these lawsuits, Google will look pristine because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2822.1s	2822.1	 they can say, I'm paying these guys double because I acknowledge that this is a core part of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2826.0s	2826.0	 service. So that's the game theory, I think, that has to get figured out. But if I was Sundar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2829.7s	2829.7	 I'd double the tap. I love the second part. Because hold on, let me get Saxon up. I love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2834.3s	2834.3	 the second part, Chamath, because in this clip, I'm about to show Neelay Patel from The Verge did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2839.8s	2839.8	 an awesome interview with Satya. And he basically would not answer this question, at least to my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2847.9s	2847.9	 satisfaction, which is, Hey, what did the publishers get out of this? You've ingested our information,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2853.1s	2853.1	 how do we get paid? Watch this clip. It's very telling. The answer or even in the chat session.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2858.7s	2858.7	 But if I ask the new being what are the 10 best gaming TVs, and it just makes me a list,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2863.5s	2863.5	 why should I the user then click on the link to The Verge, which has another list of the 10 best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2869.5s	2869.5	 gaming TVs? Well, that's a great question. But even there, you will sort of say, hey, where did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2874.0s	2874.0	 these things come from? And would you want to go dig in? Even search today has that. We have answers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2880.7s	2880.7	 They may not be as high quality answers. They just are getting better. So I don't think of this as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2885.5s	2885.5	 complete departure from what is expected of a search engine today, which is supposed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2890.7s	2890.7	 really respond to your query while giving them the links that they can then click on like ads.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2896.4s	2896.4	 And search works that way. In my mind is a terrible answer. He needs to address how they get paid. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2901.6s	2901.6	 punted the answer and just said, Hey, listen, search works this way. Sax, will the rights to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2906.5s	2906.5	 the data will will Google just stay to Quora? Hey, we'll give you a billion dollars a year for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2911.4s	2911.4	 this data set. If you don't give it to anybody else, they should maybe sax the strategist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2915.8s	2915.8	 Let me hear your strategy here. You're now CEO of Google. What do you do? I think there's maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2919.9s	2919.9	 even a bigger problem before that, which is I think the whole monetization model might change.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2926.5s	2926.5	 So the reason why Google monetizes so well is perceived as having the best search. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2932.4s	2932.4	 it gives you a list of links and a bunch of those links are paid and then people click on them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2938.5s	2938.5	 Now, I think when you search in AI, you're looking for a very different kind of answer. You're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2942.8s	2942.8	 looking for a list of 10 or 20 links. You're just looking for the answer. And so where is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2949.1s	2949.1	 opportunity to advertise against that? I mean, maybe you can charge like an affiliate commission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2954.1s	2954.1	 if the answer contains a link in it or something like that. But then you have to ask the question,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2959.5s	2959.5	 well, does that distort like best answer? Like am I really getting the best answer or am I getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2965.0s	2965.0	 the answer that someone's willing to pay for? This is your key insight. The fact is if Google gives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2970.6s	2970.6	 you an answer, you don't click on ads. Google has had a very finely tuned balance between, hey, these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2977.5s	2977.5	 first two or three paid ads, these might, the paid links might actually give you a better answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2983.4s	2983.4	 than the content below them. But in this case, if the chat GPT tells you, hey, this is the top three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2988.1s	2988.1	 televisions, these are the top three hotels, these are the top three ways to write a better essay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2994.3s	2994.3	 you don't need to click. You have now been given an answer and the model is gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=2999.1s	2999.1	 The paid link is still a subset in that case. So at Google, we used to have a key metric
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3006.0s	3006.0	 was the bounce back rate. So when a user clicks on a result on the search results page,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3014.4s	3014.4	 we could see whether or not they came back and searched again. And so that tells you the quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3020.1s	3020.1	 of the result that they were given, because if they don't come back, it means they ended up getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3024.4s	3024.4	 what they were looking for. And so ads that performed better than organic search results,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3030.6s	3030.6	 which means someone created the ad paid for it, and the user clicked on it and didn't come back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3037.5s	3037.5	 and came back with less frequency than if they clicked on an organic result. That meant that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3041.5s	3041.5	 the ad quality was higher than organic quality. And so the ad got promoted to kind of sit at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3046.6s	3046.6	 top. And it became a really kind of important part of the equation for Google's business model,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3051.3s	3051.3	 which is how do we source how do we monetize more search results, where we can get advertisers to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3056.7s	3056.7	 pay for a better result than what organic search might otherwise kind of show. And so it's actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3062.9s	3062.9	 better for the user in this case than say just getting an answer. For example, I'm looking for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3068.3s	3068.3	 PlayStation five, I don't want to just be told, hey, go to Best Buy and buy PlayStation five,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3072.7s	3072.7	 I want to be taken to the checkout page to buy a PlayStation five. And I am more likely to be happy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3078.8s	3078.8	 if I click on a result, and it immediately takes me to the checkout page. And Best Buy is really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3082.5s	3082.5	 happy to pay for you to get there, because they don't want you looking around the internet looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3085.8s	3085.8	 for other places. And a lot and we can't convolute all search queries. Not all search queries are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3092.4s	3092.4	 hey, you know, what's the best dog to get to not pee on the floor, whatever kind of arbitrary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3096.8s	3096.8	 question you might have that you're doing research on. Many search queries are commerce intention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3101.9s	3101.9	 related. I want to buy a flight to go somewhere, I want to book a hotel to go somewhere, I want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3106.7s	3106.7	 buy a video game system, etc. That series of queries may have a very different kind of modality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3112.3s	3112.3	 in terms of what's the right interface versus the chat GPT interface, where yeah, there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3117.5s	3117.5	 lot of kind of organic results that people sift on the internet for today. And the question earlier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3123.3s	3123.3	 can be resolved by Google doing a simple analytical exercise, which is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3128.0s	3128.0	 what's it going to cost us and what's going to give the user the best result. And that's ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3132.0s	3132.0	 what will kind of resolve to the better business model. It's really measurable. I think on Chamath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3136.2s	3136.2	 point, you know, today, Google pays Apple $15 billion a year to be the default search engine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3143.1s	3143.1	 on iPhones on the Safari browser. That's only about a quarter of Google's overall tack. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3149.4s	3149.4	 majority of Google's traffic acquisition cost is actually not being paid for search. A good chunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3153.9s	3153.9	 of that is being paid to publishers to do AdSense display ads on their sites. And Google's rev share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3159.8s	3159.8	 back to them for putting ads on their sites. So you know, the tack number, I think maybe you kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3165.0s	3165.0	 of want to move the needle, but the majority of Google searches don't come through the default
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3168.7s	3168.7	 search engine that they pay. It might move the needle a bit, but I don't think it really changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3173.4s	3173.4	 the equation for them. My comment is more tack has to become a weapon on the forward foot, number one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3180.7s	3180.7	 So if you're going to spend 21% of your revenue on tack, you should be willing to spend 30 to 40%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3185.8s	3185.8	 to maintain the 93% market share. I don't think what you want to see is your profit dollars decay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3191.8s	3191.8	 because you lose share. It's rather better for you to spend the money and decay your business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3196.7s	3196.7	 bottle than have someone decayed for you in general. At this point, Apple is really the only tack line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3202.6s	3202.6	 item for search. I understand. I'm not talking about today. I'm saying take that idea. You have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3208.8s	3208.8	 an entire sales team whose job it is right now to sell AdSense, right? You have an entire group of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3213.6s	3213.6	 people who know how to account for tack and how to think about it as a cost. But if you're basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3218.4s	3218.4	 willing to say out of the $100 billion of free cash flow, I'm willing to go to 80 or 70 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3225.4s	3225.4	 of free cash flow combined with the 100 billion of short and long-term investments I have, and I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3231.3s	3231.3	 going to use it as a weapon. And I'm going to go and make sure that all of these publishers have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3236.7s	3236.7	 new kind of agreement that they signed up for, which is I'll do my best to help you monetize.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3242.2s	3242.2	 You do your best by being exclusive to our AI agents, right? So you deprive other models
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3249.4s	3249.4	 of your content on your pages because that will get litigated. And there is no way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3254.2s	3254.2	 just like again, if you say do not crawl, you're not allowed to crawl if you're Google or Microsoft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3258.5s	3258.5	 or search. So this is going to happen for these agents. It's unrealistic to expect that it won't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3263.0s	3263.0	 So my point is Google should do this and define how it's done before it's defined for them. Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3269.1s	3269.1	 right now people are in this nascent phase where everybody thinks everybody's going to be open and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3273.6s	3273.6	 get along. And I just think that that's unrealistic. It's a really important kind of philosophical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3278.8s	3278.8	 question. First off, like Google today, just so people know on AdSense is typically paying out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3283.1s	3283.1	 70 cents on every dollar to the publisher. It's a pretty generous, and it's the way they've kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3289.3s	3289.3	 kept the competitive moat wide and kept folks out of beating them on third-party ad network
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3295.6s	3295.6	 bids because they bid on everything and they always win because they always share the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3299.0s	3299.0	 revenue back. So they own that market with respect to acquiring content. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3303.9s	3303.9	 the internet is open. It's an open protocol. Anyone can go to any website by typing in the IP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3308.4s	3308.4	 address and viewing the content that a publisher chooses to make available on that server to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3312.8s	3312.8	 display to the internet. And there's a fair use policy. And there's you can type in any IP address.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3318.3s	3318.3	 I think 15 or 20 or 30% of the pages on the internet right now are apps that are closed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3322.6s	3322.6	 Facebook's closed. I'm talking about the open internet, right? So like the content on the open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3327.1s	3327.1	 internet. I'm saying the open internet matters less and less. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3331.5s	3331.5	 you're right. Maybe there's the enhancement of the models. But my point being that if the internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3335.5s	3335.5	 is open and you and I spent a billion lifetimes reading the whole internet and getting smart,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3341.1s	3341.1	 and then we were the chat bot and someone came and asked us a question and we could kind of answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3344.8s	3344.8	 their question because we've now read the whole internet. Do I owe licensing royalty revenues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3351.5s	3351.5	 to the knowledge that I gained? And then the synthesis that I did, which ultimately meant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3355.6s	3355.6	 excluding some things, including some things, combining certain things. And the problem with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3360.4s	3360.4	 these LLMs, these large language models, is that you end up with a hundred million, a billion plus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3366.3s	3366.3	 parameters that are in these models that are really impossible to deconvolute. You don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3371.9s	3371.9	 we don't really understand deeply how the neural network is the model is defined and run based on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3378.8s	3378.8	 the data that it is constantly kind of aggregating and learning from. And so to go in and say, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3383.2s	3383.2	 it learned a little more from this website and a little less from that website. I'm not saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3386.6s	3386.6	 that. It's a practical impossibility. I'm saying when you look at transformer architecture today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3391.2s	3391.2	 every LLM that you write on the same corpus of underlying data for training will get to the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3396.7s	3396.7	 answer. So my point is today, if you're a company, the most important thing that you can do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3403.5s	3403.5	 especially you have a $1 trillion plus market cap that could get competed away, is to figure out how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3410.2s	3410.2	 to defend it. And so all I'm saying is from the perspective of a shareholder of Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3414.6s	3414.6	 and also from the perspective of the board of director or senior executive or the CEO,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3419.8s	3419.8	 this should be the number one thing that I'm thinking about. And my framing of how to answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3425.0s	3425.0	 that question is build a competitive moat around two things. One is at the end, which is how much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3432.6s	3432.6	 money and what kind of relationship do I have with my customers, including the publishers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3441.0s	3441.0	 And can I give them more so that number two is I can affect who they decide to contribute their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3447.9s	3447.9	 content to. So you're right. Let's assume that there are five of these infinite libraries in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3453.5s	3453.5	 the world. You mean non public content? How important and also public how important is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3458.7s	3458.7	 if Quora says, you know what, guys, I've done a deal where my billions of paid views and all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3464.4s	3464.4	 of that really rich content, Quora has incredible content, Google's paying me two billion a year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3469.2s	3469.2	 And so I've decided to only let Google's AI agents crawl it. And so maybe when there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3475.1s	3475.1	 questions that Quora is already doing an phenomenal job of answering,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3480.7s	3480.7	 I think it does make a difference that Google now has access to Quora's content and others don't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3486.3s	3486.3	 Right. For a hot minute, they did have access to the Twitter firehose. And that was the premise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3489.7s	3489.7	 was we could get this corpus of data that we can have in a very limited restricted way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3494.7s	3494.7	 They paid Twitter a lot of money. I don't think that those deals exist anymore. Twitter, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3498.8s	3498.8	 you guys might know better than I do, but I don't think they exist anymore. Here's where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3501.8s	3501.8	 it's your mouth. I think you're right. And maybe David, I think you're being too forgiven.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3507.6s	3507.6	 These models know where they got the data and they can easily cite the sources and they can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3513.8s	3513.8	 easily pay for it. And if you want to see an example of this, hold, go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3517.5s	3517.5	 Sorry, can I just interject something? You're absolutely right. The video in the Wall Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3520.1s	3520.1	 Journal where Satya was interviewed showed a demo and you're exactly right. They actually showed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3525.7s	3525.7	 Jason, in the search results, the five or six. But it made no sense because it's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3530.1s	3530.1	 how do you know that those are the five most cited places that resulted in this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3534.0s	3534.0	 By PageRank technology or the authority of the website or the author. But let's pause for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3539.4s	3539.4	 second here. There is a company called Neva.com. I'm not an investor. None of us are. It's a former
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3544.8s	3544.8	 Googler. They have 78 employees, I think, according to LinkedIn. I just typed in, what are the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3549.8s	3549.8	 flat panel TVs? Here's the result. And as you see, sentence by sentence, as it rewrites another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3556.7s	3556.7	 person's content, it links with a citation, just like the Wikipedia does. And when you scroll to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3562.2s	3562.2	 the bottom of it, it tells you, hey, this is from Rolling Stone. This is from Best Buy. This is from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3565.4s	3565.4	 Ratings. And if that answer is good for you and you trust those sources, those people should get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3569.9s	3569.9	 a commission. Every time there's a thousand searches and you come up, you should get a dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3574.6s	3574.6	 every time your data was used. And if not, these sites should sue the daylights out of Google.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3580.3s	3580.3	 And for Google to say they can't do it is hogwash. They can attribute it. It's not fair use because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3587.2s	3587.2	 in fair use, you have the ability to create derivative works on future platforms. And you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3593.0s	3593.0	 are taking this person, the original content owner's ability to exploit that and you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3598.3s	3598.3	 co-opting it and you're doing it at scale. And that is against fair use. You're not allowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3601.9s	3601.9	 to interfere with my ability to make future products. David, you know, this is an attorney.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3605.5s	3605.5	 The problem with that, I'm not an IP lawyer. Sorry. All right. Well, I play one on TV and this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3610.5s	3610.5	 podcast, the problem with that idea, just from a product perspective for a second is that if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3615.5s	3615.5	 limit how they can tokenize to just being all entire sentences, the product will not be that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3623.4s	3623.4	 good. Like the whole idea of these LLMs is that you're running, you know, so many iterations to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3628.3s	3628.3	 literally figure out what is the next most best word that comes after this other word. And if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3633.6s	3633.6	 are all of a sudden stuck with blocks of sentences as inputs that can't be violated because of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3637.8s	3637.8	 copyright, the product will not be as good. I don't just don't think it'll be as useful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3642.4s	3642.4	 Correct. These are also not deterministic models and they're not deterministic outputs, meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3646.3s	3646.3	 that it's not a discrete and specific answer that's going to be repeated every time the model is run.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3652.1s	3652.1	 These are statistical models. So they infer what the right answer could or should be based on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3657.6s	3657.6	 corpus of data and a synthesis of that data to generate a response to a query. That reference,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3662.8s	3662.8	 that inference is going to be, you know, assign some probability score. And so the model will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3668.4s	3668.4	 resolve to something that it thinks is high probability, but it could also kind of say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3671.8s	3671.8	 there's a chance that this is the better answer, this is the better answer, and so on. And so when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3675.5s	3675.5	 you have, like you have in the internet, competing data, competing points of view, competing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3680.6s	3680.6	 opinions, the model is synthesizing all these different opinions and doing what Google search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3685.1s	3685.1	 engine historically has done well, which is trying to rank them and figure out which ones are better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3689.1s	3689.1	 than others. And that's a very dynamic process. And so if as part of that ingest process, one is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3694.7s	3694.7	 using some open, openly readable data set, that doesn't necessarily mean that that data set is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3700.4s	3700.4	 improving the quality of the output or is necessarily the answer from the output.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3705.8s	3705.8	 Correct. Let me just give everybody a quick four factor education on fair use. And here it is from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3711.9s	3711.9	 Google's actual website, because they deal with this all the time. And when you look at it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3716.4s	3716.4	 the nature and purpose and character of the work, including whether such use is not profit or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3722.1s	3722.1	 educational purposes. So that first test of fair use is, hey, if you're using it educationally and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3726.8s	3726.8	 you want to make a video that is criticism of Star Wars prequels or how to shoot a shot like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3734.7s	3734.7	 Quentin Tarantino, if it's educational, it's fine. And of course, typically focus, I'm reading here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3738.9s	3738.9	 from Google, on whether the use is transformative. That is whether it adds new expression or meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3743.5s	3743.5	 to the original or whether it merely copies the original. It's very obvious that this is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3747.6s	3747.6	 transformative. They're just rewriting it. The nature of the copyright-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3750.7s	3750.7	 Seems pretty transformative to me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3752.3s	3752.3	 I don't think so. Not at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3753.9s	3753.9	 They're coming out with entirely new content.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3756.3s	3756.3	 They're just rewriting it. They're not actually adding anything to it. Transformer would be-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3759.9s	3759.9	 If a human did it, it'd be fine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3761.8s	3761.8	 If a human does it, it's not-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3765.0s	3765.0	 If a human rewrites something-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3766.0s	3766.0	 Come on, J. Cal. It's pretty cool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3767.4s	3767.4	 Listen, J. Cal, I think the rights issue is just like the cost issue, which is a problem today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3774.6s	3774.6	 maybe, but it's going to get sorted out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3776.4s	3776.4	 But here, let me finish.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3777.5s	3777.5	 New technology waves that are this powerful don't get stymied by either chip costs or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3783.5s	3783.5	 legal rights issues.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3784.7s	3784.7	 They do, by legal rights. You're 100% wrong. YouTube got stopped dead in their tracks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3789.3s	3789.3	 and the only way YouTube and Napster got stopped in their tracks, I predict this is going to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3792.9s	3792.9	 stopped dead in its tracks with YouTube-level near-death experience lawsuits.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3798.1s	3798.1	 This is different.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3799.0s	3799.0	 Google was enabled to piracy, and then they had to build tools to fight against it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3802.4s	3802.4	 I deeply disagree with J. Cal. I deeply disagree with you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3804.8s	3804.8	 I disagree with both you guys. You guys both think that all that cost is going to stay in the way-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3808.1s	3808.1	 Hold on, let me read you number four.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3809.1s	3809.1	 Nothing's going to stay in the way of the AI.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3811.6s	3811.6	 No, it's going to stay-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3812.2s	3812.2	 I'm not standing in the way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3812.9s	3812.9	 The AI wants to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3814.1s	3814.1	 Big companies using AI to-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3817.1s	3817.1	 The AI's already happening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3818.6s	3818.6	 AI's happening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3819.5s	3819.5	 Let's move the conversation forward. I actually-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3821.4s	3821.4	 Hold on, I would like to make my point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3823.1s	3823.1	 I would like to make my point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3824.4s	3824.4	 We don't need your amateur lawyer opinions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3826.3s	3826.3	 I am going to give my point. I don't give a shit if you want it or not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3829.5s	3829.5	 The effect of the use of con-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3830.2s	3830.2	 You're going to bill us 500 bucks an hour for pretending to be a lawyer on TV?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3834.1s	3834.1	 The effect of the use-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3835.3s	3835.3	 Let's look at this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3836.0s	3836.0	 He better call Thor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3836.4s	3836.4	 I've heard this point of view before from you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3839.1s	3839.1	 Here it is. Okay, take it easy, Mr. Sub-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3841.5s	3841.5	 Better call J. Cal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3842.5s	3842.5	 This is the third time you've done this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3845.0s	3845.0	 The effect- Listen to this. The effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3850.5s	3850.5	 copyright work. Users that harm the copyright- Listen to this. Very important.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3855.0s	3855.0	 When the AI takes over the world, like Skynet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3857.7s	3857.7	 J. Cal's going to be like, I thought we'd stop this with rights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3861.0s	3861.0	 Listen to this. AI's not going to be stopped,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3863.5s	3863.5	 but companies using AI to steal content will be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3865.8s	3865.8	 With rights?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3866.1s	3866.1	 The effective use, uses that harm the original copyright owner's ability to profit from his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3871.8s	3871.8	 or her original work by serving as a replacement for demand for that work are less likely to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3877.5s	3877.5	 fair uses. This is the one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3880.2s	3880.2	 Okay, great. Okay. You made your point and you may be right, but I think-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3884.3s	3884.3	 Sorry, do we need to get to Marjorie Taylor Greene for you to have a good show?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3887.9s	3887.9	 No, I want to- Sure. Let's queue up Marjorie Taylor Greene.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3890.4s	3890.4	 No, no, hold on. Hold on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3891.6s	3891.6	 How much did you raise for her?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3893.7s	3893.7	 I have another aspect of the AI thing I want to talk about besides this like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3897.6s	3897.6	 internal rights issue that you're going on and on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3899.9s	3899.9	 All right. Better call J. Cal. Go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3902.7s	3902.7	 So I had an interesting AI experience this week and I think we're all going to start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3906.9s	3906.9	 having these stories.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3908.1s	3908.1	 Oh, you use the AI to make a script of how to talk to your kids?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3910.4s	3910.4	 No, every week there'll be some new use case that you see that you're kind of blown away by.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3915.5s	3915.5	 The use case I saw this past week in a product demo was they were showing me like an Excel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3921.7s	3921.7	 spreadsheet, like a very complicated Excel spreadsheet, modeling and financial asset.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3926.8s	3926.8	 They had a plugin to a chat GPT type AI and so they just asked it, they typed in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3934.9s	3934.9	 what does this spreadsheet do? It spit out like a one paragraph explanation of what the spreadsheet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3940.0s	3940.0	 did and it was really good. I mean, because me just eyeballing the spreadsheet, I could not have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3944.8s	3944.8	 figured out instantly what that thing did. It would have taken me a while to figure it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3949.6s	3949.6	 It told me here are the key inputs, here are the key outputs. So that was number one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3953.3s	3953.3	 Then they did something I think even more interesting, which is they said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3958.9s	3958.9	 give me the formula that tells me when the yield is above 2% and this and that and that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3966.8s	3966.8	 And the chat GPT spat out a formula that was like perfect Excel logic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3971.9s	3971.9	 That was something that you or I could never figure out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3975.3s	3975.3	 You need like a super pro user of Excel to basically know how to do this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3979.7s	3979.7	 So it spit it out and like boom, it worked instantly. They copy and paste into the spreadsheet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3984.7s	3984.7	 and you could basically like the spreadsheet was much more advanced now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3988.4s	3988.4	 So what it got me thinking about is that we're going to have these little assistants everywhere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=3993.8s	3993.8	 You combine that power with say speech to text, because we could have just talked to it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4001.0s	4001.0	 The speech to text would transcribe the instruction, spit it back out and you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4005.5s	4005.5	 going to have these like little personal digital assistants in applications.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4009.9s	4009.9	 I think it's pretty obvious to see how AI could replace call centers with having the front line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4016.6s	4016.6	 call center operator be, instead of being a human, it could be like an AI. But this is actually even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4021.9s	4021.9	 before that. I think in every single application that we use, there's going to be an AI interface
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4028.3s	4028.3	 and like it is probably going to be voice based where you can just say to it, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4032.3s	4032.3	 I'm trying to accomplish this. Like how do I do it? Can you just make it happen?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4037.1s	4037.1	 Totally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4037.6s	4037.6	 And it's going to be really powerful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4039.5s	4039.5	 I have an idea. I was hanging out with Andre Carpathy and I gave him this following challenge.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4044.7s	4044.7	 So there I was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4047.3s	4047.3	 I said, if you had to build Stripe, I said, how many engineers do you think it would take you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4053.2s	4053.2	 and how long would it take you to build a competitor? I was just, just a thought exercise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4056.5s	4056.5	 You know, it would take hundreds of millions of dollars and years. Now imagine you could,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4063.7s	4063.7	 you were feeling threatened by Stripe. Imagine you're a large company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4068.3s	4068.3	 Visa MasterCard just as an example. You can now actually get one or two really smart people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4074.7s	4074.7	 like him to lead an effort where you would say, here's a couple hundred million dollars to compete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4081.5s	4081.5	 with Stripe, but here are the boundary conditions. Number one is you can only hire five or 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4085.7s	4085.7	 engineers. And so what you would do is you would actually use tools like this to write the code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4091.6s	4091.6	 for you. And the ability to write code is going to be the first thing that these guys, that these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4097.1s	4097.1	 things do incredibly well with absolute precision. You can already do unit testing incredibly well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4102.0s	4102.0	 but it's going to go from unit testing to basically end to end testing. And you'll be able to build a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4106.9s	4106.9	 version of Stripe extremely quickly and in a very lean way. So then the question is, well, what would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4113.3s	4113.3	 you do with the two or 300 million you raise? And my thought is you use it again as tack.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4119.7s	4119.7	 You go to customers, you go to customers and you're like, well, listen, if Braintree is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4124.4s	4124.4	 charge you one basis point over Visa MasterCard and or sorry, 100 basis points and Stripe will 50,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4131.5s	4131.5	 you know what? I'll charge 10 margin destruction, margin destruction. And this is going to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4137.2s	4137.2	 everything so interesting. You can take any business that's a middleman business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4141.5s	4141.5	 I think this is the point. Any middleman business right now that doesn't have its own competitive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4145.7s	4145.7	 mode can be competed against. Because now you can take all of those input costs that go into human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4151.3s	4151.3	 capital. You can defer that have a much smaller human capital pool and push all of that extra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4157.5s	4157.5	 money into traffic acquisition. Silicon Valley of being more efficient. This is going to lead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4162.9s	4162.9	 to that benefit of all of this is economic productivity, because the end customer that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4167.5s	4167.5	 using that tool that you just mentioned, they now have a lower cost to run their business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4171.5s	4171.5	 And their total net profits go up. And this is what happens with every technology cycle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4176.3s	4176.3	 It always yields greater economic productivity. And that's why the economy grows. And that's why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4180.7s	4180.7	 I just want to say this is so important. That's why technology is so important to drive economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4185.3s	4185.3	 growth, not debt. We've historically used financial engineering to drive economic growth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4189.8s	4189.8	 And this is why we need immigration.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4191.5s	4191.5	 Technology and innovation drive this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4193.1s	4193.1	 What about China?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4194.7s	4194.7	 What are you talking about? What we're describing here is AI making it harder and harder to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4201.5s	4201.5	 humans productive. So you want to bring in millions of...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4205.7s	4205.7	 It's more productivity per human of labor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4208.7s	4208.7	 It's going to make super humans.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4210.6s	4210.6	 One human can do the coding that 20 humans would do before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4213.8s	4213.8	 Assuming they're skilled enough to use the AI.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4215.5s	4215.5	 Guys, go back to traditional capitalism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4217.4s	4217.4	 Check.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4218.3s	4218.3	 Programming?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4219.9s	4219.9	 Go back to traditional capitalism for a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4221.8s	4221.8	 Please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4222.9s	4222.9	 The Stripe example is another good one. So if you have this business model,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4227.1s	4227.1	 how does the ecosystem get efficient? How do we create more opportunity to use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4232.7s	4232.7	 Friedberg's language? Well, the only way that it really happens, how does cost go down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4237.2s	4237.2	 is that certain entities become big enough that they can drive the prices down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4241.6s	4241.6	 An Uber, a DoorDash, or whomever says, yes, I need payments capability. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4246.5s	4246.5	 Braintree, give me your best bid. Checkout.com, give me your best bid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4249.8s	4249.8	 Adyen, give me your best bid. Stripe, give me your best bid. You compete it down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4253.2s	4253.2	 Amazon comes in. Walmart comes in. They do it in physical CPG goods. They do it online.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4258.7s	4258.7	 They do it for all kinds of technologies. But you've never had an internal form that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4263.5s	4263.5	 can create hyper efficiency and basically create customer value like this thing can.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4269.4s	4269.4	 Because this thing can allow a billion, jillion, 10-person companies to get created
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4274.9s	4274.9	 that can do the work of 10,000 people. That's what's so cool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4277.6s	4277.6	 Hold on. Let me show you two things. These are two aha moments I had this week. This first one is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4280.4s	4280.4	 called Galileo AI. It was just a tweet. You describe the design of an app. Here they say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4286.1s	4286.1	 an onboarding screen of a dog walking app. And you type that in and it gives you a welcome screen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4292.6s	4292.6	 That's like a seven out of 10. Then it says, oh, a way for people to change their name,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4296.3s	4296.3	 phone number, password. You know, that classic screen on any app. I need to change my thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4299.7s	4299.7	 Boom, it gives you that. Well, then at the same time that people are making text to UX, user
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4305.9s	4305.9	 interface, beautiful here. This stuff will get dumped into Figma. But then there's a GitHub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4313.1s	4313.1	 co-pilot, which if you haven't seen, we all know it here. This is allowing you GitHub co-pilot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4319.4s	4319.4	 GitHub is bought by Microsoft, another one of Satya Nadella's incredible acquisitions. This guy's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4324.9s	4324.9	 like the new Zuckerberg. I mean, what an incredible person to come after a bomber who's just so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4331.9s	4331.9	 effective at what he's doing. As you're writing your code, it fills in your code. It knows what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4337.1s	4337.1	 you're writing, just like in an email. And it's a smaller subset of information than email. Email,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4341.7s	4341.7	 you could write anything. You could be, you know, talking to a lover or a business person,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4345.9s	4345.9	 whatever. Here, when you're doing programming, it's a much finer data set. These two things are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4351.0s	4351.0	 going to come together where you're going to be able to build your MVP for your startup by typing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4355.5s	4355.5	 in text and then publish it. You're not going to need a developer for your startup. That is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4359.9s	4359.9	 transformative in the world. Let me ask you guys a question. Do you think that this leverage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4365.1s	4365.1	 and I argue this is all about like leverage. It's one person can generate X units of output
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4370.6s	4370.6	 more. Yep. Do you guys think that this commoditizes and puts at risk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4375.2s	4375.2	 Sachs in particular, like all of enterprise SaaS, because it becomes such a commodity to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4380.7s	4380.7	 build a business that does something now? Or does it create much higher returns for investors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4385.3s	4385.3	 because you invest so much less capital to get to a point of productivity with that business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4390.5s	4390.5	 a revenue of that business than was needed before? I'm not sure. I tend to think that if it gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4396.7s	4396.7	 easier, then everything becomes more competitive. So, I don't know. But it's a value gets competed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4403.6s	4403.6	 Anyway, I would slightly disagree with the characterization. Does this scare you as an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4407.5s	4407.5	 investor in SaaS? I don't know. I mean, like, for example, in that demo we just saw, what does the AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4413.5s	4413.5	 do? It exports the new design assets to Figma format because that's the standard. So, if you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4420.1s	4420.1	 create a SaaS product that becomes a standard, everyone's still going to want to use it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4424.4s	4424.4	 And there's like really good reasons for that. So, I don't know. I don't think business software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4429.1s	4429.1	 is going away. I also don't think that like you're not going to need to hire engineers because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4433.0s	4433.0	 copilot is going to do it for you. I think what copilot will do is make your typical engineer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4437.6s	4437.6	 productive. They had some graphs around how like copilot reduced coding time by 50%. So, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4446.1s	4446.1	 you'll be able to get a lot more out of your developers. I think that's sort of the key is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4450.3s	4450.3	 a lot of the drudgery work gets taken care of. The answer, Freeberg, to your question is I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4455.4s	4455.4	 more startups, more niche startups will make better products and then you'll just have many more folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4461.9s	4461.9	 like making SaaS for dentists. Are those venture because they don't get big enough, right? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4467.3s	4467.3	 that well, it's entry price matters. It'll be poor returns. Well, entry price matters too. If
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4472.7s	4472.7	 you're investing at 5 million like I do in companies when they're just on napkins and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4476.7s	4476.7	 you know, back of envelope, there's plenty of room. If you have a $200 million exit, that's a 40x.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4481.8s	4481.8	 But there could be a lot of new categories too, like a lot of new categories. There could be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4486.1s	4486.1	 lot of lot of traditional industries. There's a lot of traditional industries that get disrupted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4490.2s	4490.2	 Like we're thinking about just software displacing software. It could be software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4493.9s	4493.9	 displacing like industries that aren't even software. I think the entire video game industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4498.7s	4498.7	 is going to get completely rewritten with AI because you're not going to have a publisher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4501.6s	4501.6	 anymore that makes one game that everyone consumes. You're going to have tools that everyone creates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4505.4s	4505.4	 and consumes their own game. You guys want to watch this cool clip. It's 58 seconds long.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4510.7s	4510.7	 Go ahead. This is a music clip day here on all in, but I thought it was really cool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4515.9s	4515.9	 Is this AI turning you into Eminem? This is what the world's waiting for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4520.1s	4520.1	 I hope it's you doing an M&M's on. It's not me. I'm naturally M&M like, but this is a...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4524.2s	4524.2	 Only in your anger.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4525.3s	4525.3	 This is the future rave sound. I'm getting lost in an underground.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4529.2s	4529.2	 This is the future rave sound. I'm getting lost in an underground.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4533.1s	4533.1	 Is that Eminem? It's David Guetta.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4535.8s	4535.8	 And David Guetta playing Eminem, a crack with Eminem's voice, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4542.2s	4542.2	 Eminem was something that I made as a joke and it worked so good. I could not believe it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4547.5s	4547.5	 I discovered those websites that are about AI. Basically, you can write lyrics in the style of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4556.7s	4556.7	 any artist you like. So I typed, write a verse in the style of Eminem about future rave.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4564.3s	4564.3	 And I went to another AI website that can recreate the voice. I put the text in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4572.8s	4572.8	 and I played the record and people went nuts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4576.2s	4576.2	 That is nuts. It's nuts. And the crowd went wild for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4580.1s	4580.1	 So here it is, folks. Whoever makes the best Friedberg, Eminem, hybrid rap with David Sacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4585.9s	4585.9	 as the hype man is getting a free VIP ticket to All In Summit 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4590.3s	4590.3	 I think we need an original...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4591.4s	4591.4	 I think we need an original performance at All In Summit 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4593.7s	4593.7	 1000%. You and I are so in sync these days, Friedberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4597.5s	4597.5	 There are going to be a lot of interesting mashups that get created. For example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4601.8s	4601.8	 you'd be able to create a movie where, let's say you want to make a Western and you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4605.6s	4605.6	 John Wayne to star in it. I mean, you obviously get the rights from the Wayne estate, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4609.9s	4609.9	 no actor ever goes away. There's going to be a database of all of them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4613.3s	4613.3	 But if you want to make it...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4614.3s	4614.3	 Sacks, it's going to be better. You're going to be writing the script. As you write the script,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4617.6s	4617.6	 the AI is going to be showing you that scene in real time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4620.8s	4620.8	 And you don't have to publish it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4622.4s	4622.4	 Cloudy day, rainy day, it'll just change in real time. Think about what that would do for Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4627.2s	4627.2	 Wars. Just like Instagram and TikTok basically democratized everyone's ability to create and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4634.9s	4634.9	 publish content. This takes it to a whole other level where the monopoly that big production
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4641.0s	4641.0	 houses have, because they have the big budget, so they can afford to make a big movie. If that cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4645.2s	4645.2	 of making a $10 million movie goes to $10,000 or $1,000 of compute time, anyone sitting in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4650.1s	4650.1	 studio in a basement can start to make a movie. And it really changes the landscape for all media,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4656.6s	4656.6	 not just movies, music, video games. And ultimately the consumers themselves can create
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4662.2s	4662.2	 stuff for their own enjoyment and maybe the best of those products win. But having each individual...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4667.6s	4667.6	 Here's what's going to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4668.6s	4668.6	 Maybe industry will just become a lot more like the music industry. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4671.2s	4671.2	 remember anyone can really create a song now. And they do. And people do go viral on TikTok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4675.6s	4675.6	 And they upload it on DistroKit and it's on Spotify.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4678.2s	4678.2	 Did you guys see this article in the New York Times that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4682.4s	4682.4	 throwing some shade at the CEO of Goldman Sachs, David Solomon?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4686.7s	4686.7	 I did see the headline. You look great in the picture, but I didn't read it because I figured
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4690.3s	4690.3	 it's hate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4690.8s	4690.8	 They were talking about his side gig as being a DJ, but specifically they called out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4697.1s	4697.1	 a potential conflict of interest. And it's related to this because I guess he had gotten a license to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4702.7s	4702.7	 a Whitney Houston song and he remixed it and released it on Spotify. And her biopic is about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4710.2s	4710.2	 to come out. And they thought that there could be this perceived conflict because Goldman works on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4715.5s	4715.5	 behalf of the publishing company. And my thought was along the lines of what you guys said, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4719.9s	4719.9	 why is this a story? Meaning David Solomon should be able to go to any website,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4724.8s	4724.8	 license the song, make it, and then submit it back to them for them to approve. Because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4729.2s	4729.2	 quote in here that matters is the company that licensed it said, we are in the business of making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4734.8s	4734.8	 sure this body of music stays relevant. So obviously you want Whitney Houston songs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4740.0s	4740.0	 Michael Jackson songs, you want John Wayne, you want these people to live on in culture because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4745.1s	4745.1	 it's part of our culture. Look at this subhead. David Solomon brushes off DJing. The better way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4750.8s	4750.8	 to maximize it will be like this, go and use it, create a derivative work. Let us see it if we like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4755.9s	4755.9	 it. So like Guetta should be able to just give that back to Eminem. If Eminem's cool with it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4760.2s	4760.2	 he should be able to ship it and just be done. What a non-story. Like the New York Times is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4763.8s	4763.8	 just so anti-billionaire. So David Solomon brushes off DJing as a minor hobby that has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4769.6s	4769.6	 little to do with his work at the bank, but his activities may pose potential conflicts of interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4775.1s	4775.1	 it's like, what are they writing about? Is there not something more important than this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4779.1s	4779.1	 Do we think that David Solomon or any CEO of any major bank on Wall Street would put their job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4784.3s	4784.3	 at risk running one of the 20 or 30 most important institutions in the financial architecture of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4789.6s	4789.6	 world to license a Whitney Houston song that they can play at Coachella? I mean, does that pass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4795.5s	4795.5	 the smell test? No, no. And just for the record,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4800.1s	4800.1	 iconoclastic David Solomon, you're going to be doing the opening night DJ set for All in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4804.8s	4804.8	 Summit 2023. The grift is on. Let's get him. He's booked. If the New York Times hates him,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4811.1s	4811.1	 anybody the New York Times hates on, you got a slot. You got a slot. That'll be our lens here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4816.3s	4816.3	 Dave Chappelle? Dave Chappelle for sure. 1000%. I mean, he looks good. It looks like he's living
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4821.0s	4821.0	 his best life. It's a finance nerd. Does this just offend them somehow? It just like offends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4825.9s	4825.9	 them that a corporate CEO could be a DJ. Well, that anybody's happy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4832.7s	4832.7	 I think it's kind of cool this guy DJs. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Let him do his thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4837.1s	4837.1	 I've always wanted to be a DJ. Yeah. Oh, DJ Polly Hoppetea. Spin the one and two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4842.1s	4842.1	 Let's go ahead and work it out. Totally. You could be DJ one night at the All in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4844.4s	4844.4	 2020 party after party and we'll use AI to help you out. VIP. When I should have been learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4849.9s	4849.9	 how to DJ, I was playing the violin. You should get up there and urkel your violin under a DJ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4855.8s	4855.8	 set. I played violin for 10 years. We can play a duet together. I played in an orchestra. Oh my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4863.1s	4863.1	 God. I never knew this. Never again. This is all kind of revelations happening here. By the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4868.1s	4868.1	 here was my most, pull up that first chat GPT I gave you. This was an aha moment. Me and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4873.9s	4873.9	 Sax were doing our weekly mastermind group. Sax and I get together. We kind of like co-mentor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4878.7s	4878.7	 each other. Here was something that blew us away during our mastermind group. This was a chat GPT.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4884.6s	4884.6	 I did this one because I was trying to figure this out. How do I make my spouse and kids feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4888.3s	4888.3	 heard? And in chat GPT gave us a great one. Give them your full attention. Number two, empathize.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4892.7s	4892.7	 Number three, validate their feelings. There you have it, Sax. Just put that into your stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4896.5s	4896.5	 Hey, J.K.L. Let me use this as an example. So that's obviously the aggregation and synthesis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4901.8s	4901.8	 of lots of different self-help websites. How do you describe attribution of that answer to a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4906.7s	4906.7	 particular content publisher? Honestly, serious question. Fair use, derivative work. I think in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4912.9s	4912.9	 this case there would be a con-tion. No monetization opportunity there. There's no monetization.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4918.6s	4918.6	 Yeah, you say that because you hate content providers. But here, I tell you, this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4921.2s	4921.2	 compassionate publishing. I think the chat GPT should be given a pass. You have weird blinders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4925.3s	4925.3	 on this one, J.K.L. No, they know who they got it from. They know who they got it from. It's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4929.8s	4929.8	 synthesis of lots of websites. It's a very smart synthesis. The algorithm is not just pulling...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4934.7s	4934.7	 It's not pulling a result from someone's website. It's like read hundreds of websites and it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4938.8s	4938.8	 averaged them. Bulldog. How do you pay for the average? That's complete bullshit. They could say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4943.7s	4943.7	 as we ingest this stuff, tag it. That is how it's being done. And then you could publish it. When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4948.8s	4948.8	 you publish it, you say, hey, where do we source this from? Very simple. Is that what you're saying?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4952.2s	4952.2	 No, I'm saying it's not bullshit. That is what you said is exactly how it's being done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4956.0s	4956.0	 And J.K.L., if let's say that the AI is using a hundred different websites and synthesizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4961.6s	4961.6	 a hundred websites, what's the incentive for the marginal hundredth website to say, well, opt me out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4966.8s	4966.8	 unless you pay me? Right. Google or OpenAI will just be like, okay, fine, we'll just work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4973.5s	4973.5	 with the other 99. And this is why content providers is my best piece of advice. You ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4976.8s	4976.8	 the question, I'll give you the answer. Content providers as a group need to get together and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4980.9s	4980.9	 fight for their rights in unison. New York Times, Medicare... Fight for their right to party? No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4985.9s	4985.9	 fight for their right to get paid and to survive. They need to go to ChattGBT and say, as a group,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4991.3s	4991.3	 either give us these terms or don't index us. You're trying to unionize all the content creators.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=4996.2s	4996.2	 Absolutely unionize all of them. They should be a united front like the music industry. Why do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5000.3s	5000.3	 you think the music industry gets paid by Peloton and anybody else? Because it was easy for the five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5004.6s	5004.6	 of them get together and they fight. There's five of them and you could organize, but there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5007.8s	5007.8	 millions and millions of publishers. I think the point here is that technology is fundamentally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5012.7s	5012.7	 deflationary. Here's the next great example where the minute you make something incredible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5018.7s	5018.7	 costs go down, but also frankly, revenue and profit dollars go down in the aggregate. Doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5023.2s	5023.2	 mean that one company can't husband a lot of it and do incredibly well like Google has done,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5028.0s	5028.0	 but it's just going to fundamentally put pressure on all these business models.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5031.6s	5031.6	 I think it's important for Google to take... Go ahead, Freeberg. Google should go and they should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5037.2s	5037.2	 cannibalize their own business before it is cannibalized for them. Freeberg, final word.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5042.1s	5042.1	 Here's another way to think about it. I think that if this goes as we all predict and everyone's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5046.6s	5046.6	 saying it's going to go, it is more likely than not that many of these quote content publishers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5051.3s	5051.3	 that aren't adding very much marginal value are going to go away. That you could see the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5055.1s	5055.1	 number of content sites offering self-help advice and how to do this and how to do that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5059.5s	5059.5	 95% of them go away because all of that work gets aggregated and synthesized and presented
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5064.8s	5064.8	 in a really simple, easy user interface that makes them completely oblivious. I'm not discrediting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5069.8s	5069.8	 the value that many content publishers provide, but the requisite at that point to be valued
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5076.7s	5076.7	 as a quote novel content producer is going to go way up. The offset to that though is it's so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5082.6s	5082.6	 much easier to create content because of the AI. Totally true. We have this company Copy AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5087.8s	5087.8	 where even before this chat GPT stuff, you would just go there and say, I want to write a blog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5092.3s	5092.3	 about X, Y, and Z. You just give it a title and it spits out a post and then they'll actually give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5098.2s	5098.2	 you 10 different blog posts and then you just select the one that is the direction you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5102.7s	5102.7	 go and you keep doing human selection on it. But how does new intelligence get put back into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5108.2s	5108.2	 system? That's based on an existing corporate system. No, you have a corporate blog so you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5112.5s	5112.5	 publish it to your corporate blog. My point is if there is now some new information in the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5117.1s	5117.1	 who is going to add that to the corpus if everybody is just stealing content and rewriting it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5124.2s	5124.2	 Humans have always had a desire to create. Most people create for free. There's a head of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5128.1s	5128.1	 long tail that actually gets compensated. The rest of the long tail has traditionally gotten nothing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5133.0s	5133.0	 They do it because they want to create. Now the creation is going to explode because it's so easy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5138.3s	5138.3	 Beethoven listened to Haydn and then Beethoven wrote novel symphonies and his symphonies were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5142.4s	5142.4	 incredible and he built on the experience of listening to Haydn. The same is true of how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5146.7s	5146.7	 content is going to evolve and it's going to evolve in a faster way because of AI. This content is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5151.9s	5151.9	 just being retrieved and reproduced. It's being synthesized and aggregated and re-presented in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5157.7s	5157.7	 novel way. By the way, I would like to say hold on. I want to answer that. I want to answer that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5161.0s	5161.0	 please. If Chatt GPT takes a Yelp review and a content as traveler review and they re-present
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5168.6s	5168.6	 it based on the best content that's out there that they've already ranked because they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5173.0s	5173.0	 that algorithm with PageRank or Bing's ranking engine and then they republish it and then that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5177.5s	5177.5	 jeopardizes those businesses that is profoundly unfair and not what we want for society. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5182.3s	5182.3	 are interfering with their ability to leverage their own content. It is profoundly unfair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5187.5s	5187.5	 And those magazines and newspapers need to, what's that? You're going to get steamrolled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5192.1s	5192.1	 It's possible. YouTube is a great example. YouTube was going to get shut down. Sequoia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5197.7s	5197.7	 and the YouTube founder sold it to Google because they were so scared of the Viacom lawsuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5202.6s	5202.6	 and how well it was working against them. They thought this business will never fly if we don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5208.7s	5208.7	 have a big partner like Google to support the lawsuit. They won the lawsuit or they settled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5215.0s	5215.0	 it because they were able to do content ID and allow content creators. The only reason YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5220.4s	5220.4	 exists is hold on, let me finish. It's because they let content creators watermark and find their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5226.1s	5226.1	 stolen content and then claim it. And when they claim the stolen content, they were able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5230.5s	5230.5	 monetize it. That's what's going to happen here. There'll be a settlement where they are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5235.0s	5235.0	 be able to claim their content. I will bet any amount against your premonition here, J Cal. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5241.9s	5241.9	 is the opposite of North Carolina. Propose a bet. You've seen these AIs that generate images,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5247.5s	5247.5	 right? Like stable diffusion and like Wally or whatever. You literally just tell it, I want this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5252.4s	5252.4	 image in this style and boom, it's done. And it would take an artist weeks to produce that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5258.0s	5258.0	 And you can do it in five seconds and you could tell the AI, give me 20 of those. And then you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5262.9s	5262.9	 just keep iterating. And in five minutes, you've got something mind blowing. So the fact that it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5267.6s	5267.6	 so much easier to create content, you can do the same thing with the written word. The people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5271.1s	5271.1	 need to be compensated, J Cal, if they don't get what they want, they may just go away, but there'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5274.6s	5274.6	 be 10 times or a hundred times more people. Here's how long you are. Thank you for bringing up this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5279.6s	5279.6	 example so that I can prove how wrong you are. Getty images is suing stable diffusion at the moment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5285.3s	5285.3	 Here is what the dipshits at stable diffusion did. They train their AI on Getty images with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5291.1s	5291.1	 watermarks on them and they've been busted and they are dead to rights now. And they are going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5295.3s	5295.3	 to pay a hundred million dollars or more to Getty images for stealing their content and allowing it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5302.0s	5302.0	 to be republished in a commercial setting. Those images are too good to me. Over time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5307.4s	5307.4	 this will get resolved. Stable diffusion copied the Getty image watermark and put it on a reproduced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5314.8s	5314.8	 work. Okay. I think, I think stable diffusion is bigger problem is they can't do noses and ears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5320.4s	5320.4	 and eyelids. That looks like a big problem to me. Anyway, shout out to stable diffusion for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5326.4s	5326.4	 stealing Getty image content. Mozart influenced by Heide, not Beethoven. Sorry. By the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5333.7s	5333.7	 there's a really interesting topic about AI that we don't have time to get to this week, but I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5338.1s	5338.1	 we should put it on the docket for next week, which is should AI is be trained to lie?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5343.2s	5343.2	 Super important. Because that's happening right now. Yeah. And the last thing you. Or have opinions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5348.8s	5348.8	 The last thing I'll say on this from my perspective, maybe we can jump on after this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5353.1s	5353.1	 this is the best thing that could happen for all of the monopolists in technology because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5359.5s	5359.5	 Microsoft taking five or 600 basis points of share is the best way to ensure that the FTC has zero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5364.6s	5364.6	 credibility in going after Google or anybody else in tech. Right. Those, those, all of those things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5369.6s	5369.6	 I think are DOA. So in some ways, actually Google leaking five or 6% of the market share is a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5375.1s	5375.1	 good thing because the FTC is rendered toothless in making a statement. I understand that. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5379.9s	5379.9	 such a good point. I mean, it's, it's kind of a good news, bad news scenario with this whole thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5384.7s	5384.7	 The good news is that the Google monopoly has finally been cracked. The bad news is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5389.1s	5389.1	 it's Microsoft and even bigger monopoly. That's the one that's done it, but it just shows like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5393.3s	5393.3	 how vulnerable all these big tech companies are TBD and they may all end up competing with each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5398.3s	5398.3	 other. Everyone's got a tactical nuclear web now and we don't know where it's going to get pointed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5403.5s	5403.5	 and who's going to set it off and where and like the weaponry has completely changed. Yeah. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5408.0s	5408.0	 weaponry totally changed. And to prove how wrong you guys are. Here is the verge. Here we go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5413.3s	5413.3	 How many times have you said you were wrong? Here's the other lawsuit. Open source writers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5418.7s	5418.7	 Nick, are you feeding him this nonsense? Is that what's going on? I've been tracking this. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5422.4s	5422.4	 people haven't, you guys need to watch what's happening right now. Co-pilot, GitHub, chat GPT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5429.0s	5429.0	 and Microsoft are being sued by developers because Co-pilot was built off of stolen content.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5435.1s	5435.1	 These lawsuits are just beginning and it's going to result in licensing fees. This will be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5441.2s	5441.2	 transitory effect and it won't change the dynamics of where this is going over the long term. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5445.2s	5445.2	 changed the dynamics of YouTube in the long term. So let's keep going. I don't know. They're doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5448.5s	5448.5	 pretty good. We have a portfolio coming called Sourcegraph, which is building and why don't you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5452.7s	5452.7	 just put your logo page up if you're going to go through the whole portfolio. No, they're,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5456.4s	5456.4	 I mean, they're building something similar, but it's opt in. You just opt into the, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5461.1s	5461.1	 you just get all your customers to opt into it. Okay. Let's move on. What do you want to move on?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5466.4s	5466.4	 You want to do the crackdown? You want to do the Twitter exacts? I think Sachs' point about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5470.0s	5470.0	 AI essay would be a great chat. Let's talk about it next week though. I think it deserves more time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5474.2s	5474.2	 The state of the union, I don't know about you guys, but I found it one of the more profoundly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5478.8s	5478.8	 disappointing, saddening states of the union I've ever seen. Unpack that. Unpack that. Why?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5483.8s	5483.8	 I think it was, you know, we often kind of focus on the one year cycle of what the state of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5488.3s	5488.3	 union says, but I think what's more important is how much the data that's coming through in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5492.3s	5492.3	 state of the union supports the more scary long-term cycle. I've talked about this a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5497.4s	5497.4	 on how scared I am about kind of where we're headed with respect to the US's ability to fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5505.1s	5505.1	 its financial obligations. And the scary moment at the state of the union, besides Biden's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5510.6s	5510.6	 inability to kind of articulate much very well, which was honestly a really discouraging sight to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5516.9s	5516.9	 see, was, you know, when he talked about where, you know, the Republicans are trying to cut social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5521.9s	5521.9	 security and Medicare, the US Treasury put out a projection, which I tweeted last week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5529.5s	5529.5	 originally shared on Twitter by Lynn Alden. This is the US Treasury's forecast of debt held by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5535.2s	5535.2	 United States over time. And the assumptions in this forecast are we've got a certain amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5539.2s	5539.2	 debt today and we're running social security and Medicare forward without cuts. And so what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5545.1s	5545.1	 happens as we make these social security, Medicare payments, and we accrue and pay interest on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5550.1s	5550.1	 debt that we hold today, and we don't change the tax rates in this country, and this is what happens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5556.1s	5556.1	 So it's a runaway kind of debt scenario in the US, by definition, has to default at some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5561.7s	5561.7	 because you cannot tax every dollar of the economy at 100% at some point. And so, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5568.6s	5568.6	 there are two ways this can go. The first way is you have to cut back on these major kind of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5574.3s	5574.3	 you know, expense commitments that naturally balloon over time. And that is social security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5579.1s	5579.1	 and Medicare. And the other one is that you just tax a lot more. And when you tax a lot more,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5584.3s	5584.3	 economic growth gets affected, and it makes it really hard to eventually pay off that debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5588.3s	5588.3	 And the debt continues to spiral. So I think what we saw was, number one, the announcement by Biden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5596.0s	5596.0	 hey, Republicans are the ones who want to cut social security and Medicare. And they all screamed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5599.9s	5599.9	 and they said, no way, no way, we'll never do that. And a lot of them did interviews afterwards,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5603.7s	5603.7	 and said, it's total BS if Biden would say that, which I think supports what the polls have shown,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5608.2s	5608.2	 which is on both sides of the aisle. People do not want to see social security and Medicare cut in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5613.3s	5613.3	 any way right now. That means you can't and you guys saw what happened in France, where they pushed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5617.3s	5617.3	 back the retirement age by two years. And there was effectively riots across the country. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5621.7s	5621.7	 know if you guys saw this a few weeks ago, we didn't talk about it. But it was pretty brutal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5624.9s	5624.9	 pretty ugly. And so this is a real cost that's coming bare. It's coming bare in the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5630.4s	5630.4	 States, not just with the publicly funded social security and Medicare programs, but also with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5634.5s	5634.5	 lot of the private tensions that are going to need to get bailed out with the same federal money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5637.8s	5637.8	 because they're not going to let those things go bankrupt. And that's another trillion plus of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5640.9s	5640.9	 liabilities. So, you know, that that cost is going to balloon. And the only solution at that point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5646.7s	5646.7	 is to introduce massive tax hikes. And so they propose this billionaire tax, this tax on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5651.1s	5651.1	 unrecognized capital gains, it is literally if you keep social security, Medicare where they are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5655.0s	5655.0	 and you don't pay down the debt, and you don't grow the economy fast enough, you have to introduce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5659.4s	5659.4	 significant tax hikes across corporate and the individual taxpayer base. And so, you know, it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5666.7s	5666.7	 really, again, if you zoom out, it really indicates this steepening curve that the US has to climb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5671.7s	5671.7	 its way out of. And as you tax more, there's less to invest in the economic growth, the government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5676.7s	5676.7	 is a far worse investor in economic growth than the free market. And that means that we can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5681.5s	5681.5	 grow our way out and grow GDP enough to ultimately cover our debt obligations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5685.8s	5685.8	 And this is what Dahlia Dahlia's book that I mentioned in 2021 was so kind of importantly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5691.1s	5691.1	 sharing. This is a multi hundred year cycle. And the last couple decades get really nasty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5697.5s	5697.5	 And this chart, which is a forecast from the actual US Treasury highlights the problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5701.9s	5701.9	 And the comments made at the Congress in front of the Congress this week by the President
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5705.0s	5705.0	 United States indicates how serious of a problem this is going to be because no one wants to cut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5710.0s	5710.0	 these major cost obligations that we have coming to you. And so what are you talking about?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5715.0s	5715.0	 Saxt aren't you and the Republicans, you want to cut Medicare and get rid of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5718.6s	5718.6	 Is that what Biden said? You guys want to get rid of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5721.6s	5721.6	 What was that kerfuffle about with your who's the person on your squad who is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5725.5s	5725.5	 yelling and screaming out at the President of the United States?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5727.9s	5727.9	 Oh, that doesn't matter. That was just sort of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5729.9s	5729.9	 But who was screaming at him?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5731.2s	5731.2	 Who was that person?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5732.5s	5732.5	 Let me tell you what happened to the union is that Biden was basically trying to take a page out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5738.0s	5738.0	 Bill Clinton's playbook when Bill Clinton lost the midterms in 94. He basically triangulated to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5744.5s	5744.5	 the center and he did two things. He started going for kind of small ball. He started playing small
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5749.9s	5749.9	 ball politics is like school uniforms and things like that that were relatively unobjectionable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5756.1s	5756.1	 and that regular middle class people could get behind. And then he basically posed as the defender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5761.1s	5761.1	 of entitlement programs. Back then he in 96, he ran against Dole by portraying Dole. He went all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5767.1s	5767.1	 the way back to Dole's vote against Medicare. This is what the Biden team is teeing up for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5772.8s	5772.8	 the reelect in 24 is they're talking about things like curbing ticket master fees and fixing right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5780.5s	5780.5	 turn red lights. I mean, seriously, like total small ball. OK, they're going to try and pretend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5787.2s	5787.2	 like he wasn't the most radical tax and spend progressive over the last two years that we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5791.9s	5791.9	 really ever had in American history. They're going to try and make everyone forget that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5795.9s	5795.9	 and just talk about the small, objectable stuff. And then he's also going to again pose as the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5800.0s	5800.0	 stalwart defender of entitlement programs are very popular. And it's and partly they're doing this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5806.3s	5806.3	 They're already, I think, getting ready for DeSantis on this, because if you read
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5810.8s	5810.8	 some of the political analysis on this and Josh Barrow had a good column and Andrew Sullivan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5815.8s	5815.8	 a good column talking about this that way back when DeSantis was in Congress and he was like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5821.2s	5821.2	 a backbencher, he voted for some Republican budgets, a Paul Ryan budget that had some of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5827.2s	5827.2	 this entitlement reform in it. So they're going to try and portray him as against reform. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5832.3s	5832.3	 I don't think it's going to work because all he had to say is like, listen, that was a long time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5836.0s	5836.0	 ago. I wasn't voting for cutting entitlements. I just voted for my party's budget. That's irrelevant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5842.3s	5842.3	 I can tell you, I will not cut entitlements. So any smart Republican is going to take entitlement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5847.1s	5847.1	 reform off the table because it is a total third rail and they will lose. And I think Trump had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5853.6s	5853.6	 the right instincts on this. And I'm sure that any major Republican will have the right instincts on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5857.9s	5857.9	 this. You see the way they're throwing Rick Scott under the bus. Rick Scott had this proposal about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5865.7s	5865.7	 having entitlements go from being sort of permanently entitled to being something that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5873.0s	5873.0	 gets voted on every year. And the rest of the Republican caucus is like, hell no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5877.1s	5877.1	 we're not touching that. And they can't run away fast enough from Rick Scott. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5881.4s	5881.4	 Friedberg is right. There is no appetite for entitlement reform. And I would tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5885.8s	5885.8	 any Republican, if you want to do entitlement reform, it's got to be bipartisan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5889.4s	5889.4	 Tremont, any thoughts on the state of the union?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5891.5s	5891.5	 You got to do what Ronald Reagan did, which is join hands with Tip O'Neill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5895.5s	5895.5	 and Moynihan and you jump off the cliff together. Do not stick your neck out on this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5900.0s	5900.0	 Tremont, any thoughts on the state of the union writ large?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5905.0s	5905.0	 No. Marjorie Taller Green yelling liar at the president?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5910.3s	5910.3	 No. Okay. Well, that's the most boring statement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5913.2s	5913.2	 Well, you know, Jake, I mean, like both sides engaged in a lot of like weirdness. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5918.7s	5918.7	 Biden was like bellowing at various points in his speech. It was quite bizarre. And you're right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5923.9s	5923.9	 there were some Republicans in the audience who were braying like jackasses. And it's unfortunate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5928.9s	5928.9	 because I think utterly, utterly disappointed. I think if the Republicans had just calmed down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5933.4s	5933.4	 I think Biden's sort of weird mannerisms where he was like practically yelling,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5939.1s	5939.1	 it was like Abe Simpson, you know, old man yelling at the cloud.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5942.6s	5942.6	 Yeah, they do a good job of like right at the moment of self-immolation, they let him off the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5947.5s	5947.5	 hook. It's really incredible. Republicans just, they have no impulse control. Right when they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5953.3s	5953.3	 could just be quiet, sit there calm, quiet, and let Biden do the damage to himself, they just cannot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5960.3s	5960.3	 I like McCarthy telling Marjorie Taller Green, shh, shh, and Mitt Romney telling that other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5965.9s	5965.9	 liar guy to get the hell out of here. Listen, it's always been hard to control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5969.8s	5969.8	 backbenchers. That's just the reality. That does not speak for the entire party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5974.4s	5974.4	 How do you guys feel about being taxed on your change in net worth from year to year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5981.4s	5981.4	 You mean a wealth tax?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5982.7s	5982.7	 Wealth tax, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5983.8s	5983.8	 If it's for billionaires, totally cool. If it's for centi-millionaires or deca-millionaires,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5988.3s	5988.3	 absolutely off the table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5990.8s	5990.8	 We want those people to grow their wealth and invest. The billionaires, yeah, sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5994.2s	5994.2	 Is that what you think is coming, Friedberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5996.2s	5996.2	 Yeah. So hard to execute on. What are you supposed to do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=5999.2s	5999.2	 Like I would love to see a website where you have a piece of yarn, you know, those sites where you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6003.4s	6003.4	 have anything, you have like a little pin and you kind of push the pin out and the other one has to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6007.0s	6007.0	 go in. You can't have it all. You can't have low taxes and have these entitlement programs and have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6012.9s	6012.9	 this level of spending. It's impossible. You have to tax. That's the only way. Or you have to cut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6019.5s	6019.5	 the entitlement programs or you have to cut the spending.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6022.2s	6022.2	 Well, you're right about that, Friedberg, but let me tell you why the American people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6026.7s	6026.7	 think it would be ridiculous to cut their entitlements. They've watched
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6030.5s	6030.5	 as Washington spent $8 trillion on Forever Wars of the Middle East. They just watched
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6036.7s	6036.7	 as Biden spent trillions enriching the pharma companies on a fugazi that didn't work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6043.1s	6043.1	 They've just watched as hundreds of billions went to climate special interests, the Democratic Party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6048.3s	6048.3	 Did you just say the vaccine was a fugazi?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6050.8s	6050.8	 We talked about that. Let me bring it back up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6052.2s	6052.2	 Don't say the vaccine is a fugazi.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6053.9s	6053.9	 They've watched as trillions. Hold on. They've watched as trillions of dollars have gone to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6059.0s	6059.0	 the donor class and they are going to rise up and say the hell with you. If you cut off our social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6065.7s	6065.7	 security that we paid into for decades while enriching all these special interests, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6071.7s	6071.7	 advocate for any of these points. And the bailouts of corporations in the great financial crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6075.9s	6075.9	 You're right. I think it's just an analytical certainty that you got to zoom out and stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6083.6s	6083.6	 thinking about the yearly cycle and the election cycle on this stuff and just look at where we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6086.9s	6086.9	 headed over a multi-decade cycle. And there's just no resolution to this problem based on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6093.2s	6093.2	 way we're all oriented right now. If there is a wealth tax, let's just say on billionaires.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6097.5s	6097.5	 Sorry, let me just say one thing. Sorry, Jacob. What would they do? Would they leave the country?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6102.0s	6102.0	 Go to Puerto Rico? That did happen in France, by the way. I think 40% of the people that were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6105.9s	6105.9	 taxed left and then they came back. It would violate our constitution.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6111.8s	6111.8	 It'll be litigated for sure. If you can get the cost of energy in this country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6118.3s	6118.3	 to drop by 50 to 75% and you can increase energy capacity by 10 to 20 fold, then you have a fighting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6127.1s	6127.1	 chance because you can actually grow the economy out of the problem. And that's really where I am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6131.4s	6131.4	 optimistic and excited about opportunities like fusion. And you guys can make fun of me all you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6134.9s	6134.9	 want. But if we can get to a point where we can increment energy capacity by an order of magnitude,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6141.0s	6141.0	 there is economic growth that will arise from that, from all these new industries and these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6144.9s	6144.9	 production systems. And that's how we can grow our way out of the debt entitlement tax problem,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6150.2s	6150.2	 where one of those three things has to give in the absence of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6153.0s	6153.0	 So I'm generally excited. You know what the cheapest source of energy is today?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6159.1s	6159.1	 Fusion. It's three cents a kilowatt hour. Fission you mean? No, it's fusion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6166.2s	6166.2	 It's the sun using solar panels. There it is. Yeah, the problem,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6170.0s	6170.0	 Chamath, honestly, let me just say this one thing. The problem is, can you scale energy capacity by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6174.4s	6174.4	 10x? Can you do it fast enough? And that's the real technical while creating jobs. That's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6180.1s	6180.1	 real techno economic question, right? Like I posted a link in my reading list today. This week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6184.3s	6184.3	 you guys can go look at it. The most prolific distribution of fusion technology is China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6190.1s	6190.1	 actually deploying solar on every single rooftop in China. United States could do it too. And you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6195.1s	6195.1	 will 10x the power available. Well, yeah, I mean, they are zero. They're increasing their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6202.0s	6202.0	 I mean, they're adding, they're adding half a terawatt. It's just sometimes we want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6205.7s	6205.7	 create intellectual complexity. I love these different forms of fusion. I just think it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6210.6s	6210.6	 50 year trodge to get it because even I'm not betting. I'm not betting on it. I'm just saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6215.3s	6215.3	 it's there is a one. I'm just agreeing with you. I'm just building on your point to say it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6219.2s	6219.2	 actually happening. Fusion is what is actually creating abundant zero cost energy today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6224.9s	6224.9	 Yeah. And so look, if we can increase energy capacity in this country by 10x,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6228.9s	6228.9	 energy production capacity by 10x, and we can do it in the next 20 to 30 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6233.0s	6233.0	 you can have an intent by putting solar on every rooftop, if we can, we have a path out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6238.7s	6238.7	 entitlement tax debt problem. Otherwise, one of those three things is going to give and it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6244.2s	6244.2	 going to be ugly. The thing that we are lacking right now is not actually the generation capability,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6249.9s	6249.9	 which is incredibly cheap, but it's really scalable storage. And once we figure that out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6254.6s	6254.6	 which is actually the real technical bottleneck to abundance zero cost energy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6258.7s	6258.7	 we'll have your boundary condition met and we'll have it well before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6262.1s	6262.1	 different forms of fusion are commercializable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6265.4s	6265.4	 France had an exodus of an estimated 42,000 millionaires between 2000 and 2012. And really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6274.6s	6274.6	 before, yeah, McCrone killed it. They only had the wolf tax for 12 years and then they reversed it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6279.1s	6279.1	 They were just losing the tax base so violently they had no choice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6282.6s	6282.6	 That's what's going to happen in California. If they move forward with this discussion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6285.3s	6285.3	 It's happening in California already without the wealth tax. It's happening already.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6289.2s	6289.2	 And now you look at it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6290.0s	6290.0	 They're stupidly telling people that this wealth tax is going to have a 10 year look forward.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6295.1s	6295.1	 So everybody I know is at least talking about, hey, could this happen in the next 10 years?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6299.4s	6299.4	 Because if it might happen five years from now, we got to leave now. Because if I wait,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6304.2s	6304.2	 they're going to chase you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6305.1s	6305.1	 They're going to chase me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6306.3s	6306.3	 Yeah. Specifically you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6309.9s	6309.9	 They hate you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6310.5s	6310.5	 No, I mean, it's a problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6312.9s	6312.9	 It is a serious problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6313.9s	6313.9	 Let me tell you, I mean, to Friedberg's point, it's not just Ray Dalio, the great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6317.9s	6317.9	 political satirist Pedro O'Rourke who died last year. He wrote that American politics is defined
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6323.8s	6323.8	 by the formula X minus Y equals a big stink, where X is what people want from government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6331.6s	6331.6	 and Y equals what they're willing to pay for government. And that difference is basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6336.3s	6336.3	 the big stink. And the job of politicians is to manage that stink. And the problem is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6340.9s	6340.9	 the politicians have not been doing a good job managing it. And they increasingly do a worse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6345.5s	6345.5	 job managing it. So yeah, at some point it's going to blow up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6349.2s	6349.2	 You guys want to hear a crazy statistic? I was pulling this up the other day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6352.7s	6352.7	 You know what the budget per capita is of the city of San Francisco?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6356.4s	6356.4	 So how much the city spends per year divided by the number of people that live in the city?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6360.1s	6360.1	 Well, we know it's a couple of billion dollar budget. We know only a couple of hundred thousand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6363.1s	6363.1	 billion dollar budget.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6364.6s	6364.6	 Yeah. And it's $800,000.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6366.4s	6366.4	 It's $18,000 per citizen per year. That's how much the city of San Francisco spends.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6372.6s	6372.6	 A third of that money, by the way, 30% of it goes to or 25% goes to public health care.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6377.9s	6377.9	 Now, when you look at that $18,000 budget per capita, it is more than every single state
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6384.5s	6384.5	 of the union on a per capita basis, except Oregon and North Dakota, which have very weird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6389.8s	6389.8	 budget. So San Francisco spends more than every other state per capita.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6394.8s	6394.8	 It spends more in aggregate than 16 US states. And the federal budget per capita is $15,000.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6401.7s	6401.7	 The federal government's budget per capita is $15,000.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6404.6s	6404.6	 So San Francisco spends more than 15 states and spends more per capita than every other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6409.0s	6409.0	 state except two and spends more than the federal government per capita.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6412.6s	6412.6	 And I think that really highlights and you need to tax the base to do that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6416.5s	6416.5	 And now we are seeing San Francisco is the largest population of exodus and population
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6421.4s	6421.4	 exodus of any city and business exodus of any city in the United States.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6425.2s	6425.2	 That is your predictor. That is your predictor of where this goes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6428.9s	6428.9	 Well, in Miami, Florida, my contrast has no state income tax. They just rely on property
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6435.1s	6435.1	 tax and sales tax, which California has as well. There is an income tax and cap gains tax of zero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6442.1s	6442.1	 in Florida and they seem to make it work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6445.1s	6445.1	 880,000 people was the peak in San Francisco 2018, 2019, 2020. And then in 2021, 815.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6454.4s	6454.4	 Oh, some estimates show it's as low as 6.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6456.4s	6456.4	 And it's gone even further in 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6457.7s	6457.7	 Yeah, some people think it's down to 615 now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6460.0s	6460.0	 I think it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6460.7s	6460.7	 Hard to track, but yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6462.3s	6462.3	 Well, you have a lot of people who owned homes there and maybe owned second homes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6465.1s	6465.1	 because let's face it, it was a well-heeled group of individuals living there. And a lot of them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6469.5s	6469.5	 just still have their places, but they've left and then they're in the process of selling their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6473.3s	6473.3	 places.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6474.3s	6474.3	 The point is increasing the tax rate is a great short-term solution. But over the long term,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6479.7s	6479.7	 if that budget per citizen isn't brought in line, there is no way to tax the base enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6485.1s	6485.1	 without causing the tax base to leave. Forget about what anyone's personal opinions are. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6489.4s	6489.4	 just the economic reality of what happened in France. It's what's happening in San Francisco.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6493.5s	6493.5	 There's a lot of great predictors in history of where this has happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6496.8s	6496.8	 And so something has to give, or you have to have a miracle, like an energy miracle, but,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6501.6s	6501.6	 we'll all keep investing for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6503.9s	6503.9	 All right, everybody. This has been an amazing, amazing episode of the All In Podcast. 115
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6510.2s	6510.2	 episodes for the dictator, sultan of science, and for the pacifist, David the Dove Sax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6519.9s	6519.9	 I am the world's greatest moderator, J Cal, and we'll see you next time. Bye-bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6531.4s	6531.4	 So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6556.4s	6556.4	 we should all just get a room and just have one big huge door because they're all just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgBWV2bvLs&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=7&t=6559.7s	6559.7	 like this like sexual tension that they just need to release them out.
