https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=0.0s	0.0	 Check out what what time is it over there? Well, we started at 8am. So now it's 828.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5.0s	5.0	 It's 828. I'm going to be on the slopes at 11. Yeah. So I'll be out there skiing. I'm in Niseko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=11.8s	11.8	 in Japan. Take a quick flight to Sapporo Sapporo and then you drive two hours into the mountains.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=17.0s	17.0	 Yesterday I cat skied. There's an abandoned ski mountain. By the way, in honor of you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=21.3s	21.3	 I grabbed a Sapporo from the fridge today. Oh, very nice. Yeah, this week's episode brought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=25.6s	25.6	 you by. So they drive the cat ski up and then you ski down and it's all fresh track. So it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=31.4s	31.4	 literally an abandoned ski resort, you know, during the financial crisis here. I just asked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=36.8s	36.8	 you what time it was. That's all I asked you. It's called small talk. It's called banter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=43.6s	43.6	 I thought you might be interested in your bestie's life, but apparently not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=55.6s	55.6	 Let's get to the show. Everybody wants to hear the show. A lot of news going on. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=69.3s	69.3	 in our industry, there's been a big discussion about RSUs and stock options, both the cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=74.6s	74.6	 these things. And then there's another issue of people staying private for too long. If you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=80.2s	80.2	 remember for folks listening, Airbnb, Uber famously took over 10 years to go public.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=85.4s	85.4	 People like Bill Gurley wrote about this. Hey, you should get public. When the window is open,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=90.2s	90.2	 obviously the window is closed right now or largely closed. Stripe. Now people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=94.6s	94.6	 speculating they missed their window. They have a $4 billion tax bill due to cover expiring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=101.2s	101.2	 employee RSUs. Those are restricted stock units. And at the same time, Foursquare,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=107.0s	107.0	 a company from the Web 2.0 era, this is, you know, 10, 15 years ago, when they were very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=111.8s	111.8	 popular check in software mobile location app, they are going to let their previous employees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=118.6s	118.6	 stock option grants expire. According to the information, they issued these options in 2016,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=123.8s	123.8	 seven year window before expiration, more than 100 former employees will be impacted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=127.8s	127.8	 And some of them are the very early team members. And this employee stock option problem is becoming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=135.4s	135.4	 acute because hey, people waited to go public. Basically, what happens is you grant an RSU,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=141.2s	141.2	 which is effectively W to income when it's realized with an expiration date.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=148.6s	148.6	 But that expiration date forces you to be public so that that RSU can be exchanged for value. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=155.2s	155.2	 that's like a 10 year window. So then these guys have to go in and modify that date and push it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=160.3s	160.3	 out by another four or five, six years or whatever. That is a deemed event by the IRS that then creates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=167.8s	167.8	 withholding tax issues. So you then have to you then have to withhold tax on behalf of the employees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=173.4s	173.4	 And so that collective number is the 4 billion that stripe is trying to raise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=177.1s	177.1	 According to a leaked pitch deck, stripe implied they needed 2.3 billion in capital by the end of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=182.2s	182.2	 queue on 2023. They're working with Goldman Sachs to raise a few billion at a $55 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=187.8s	187.8	 valuation. That's down 42% from the peak of 95 billion in 2021. One wonders if they had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=194.0s	194.0	 gone public what their valuation would be right now. Can we just say real quick why this matters,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=197.8s	197.8	 Jacob? Like, yes. So anyway, why does it matter to him? Yeah, why does this why does this all matter?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=202.4s	202.4	 Why do we care? Thank you. That's where we're getting to. I posted a link. This is a 2013 interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=208.3s	208.3	 that Zuck did with Michael Arrington of TechCrunch. And if you go all the way back, the apprehension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=218.2s	218.2	 to go public was one thing that we really anchored to a lot at Facebook in the early days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=225.7s	225.7	 And at the time, I don't know if you guys remember, but there was these arcane laws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=230.2s	230.2	 around the number of shareholders that you could have. And I think the issue specifically was that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=235.4s	235.4	 after 500 shareholders, you have to publicly release your financials. And so we did all kinds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=241.8s	241.8	 of things to make sure we never hit the 500 cap. And we tried to push the IPO date as far out as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=247.4s	247.4	 possible because we thought that it would keep people more focused. And then in 2010 or 11,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=255.4s	255.4	 I told this story a couple times, one of the things that I was advocating for pretty aggressively was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=260.9s	260.9	 trying to launch a mobile operating system to compete with iOS and Android. And we had put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=267.6s	267.6	 together all this work and brought in Intel and AT&T and all these people. And it came down to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=271.8s	271.8	 the fact that we needed a couple billion dollars to float this thing. And we didn't have that money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=277.1s	277.1	 So the only solution to that would have been to go public, but it wasn't the right moment in time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=281.2s	281.2	 And Zuck wasn't comfortable with it. A year after going public, one of the things that he said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=285.9s	285.9	 publicly in this TechCrunch thing was, wow, I should have just gone public sooner. It wasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=289.8s	289.8	 nearly the bad thing that I thought it was going to be. And when you look subsequently at how much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=294.5s	294.5	 money they've spent in AR and VR, spending half a quarters of that cash could have given them the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=300.6s	300.6	 chance to disrupt Android and iOS in 2010 and 11, which in hindsight is obviously a no-brainer bet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=307.2s	307.2	 Right? So even though I think we at Facebook were the ones to really put this in the water table
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=313.7s	313.7	 about not going public, I think a lot of startups should have gone back to first principles to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=319.3s	319.3	 really question whether waiting as long as possible actually makes sense. So I was curious about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=325.2s	325.2	 Stripe situation. So I asked my team to do a little bit of work on how would you value this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=330.3s	330.3	 thing if it were going public? And the interesting thing about Stripe is that it operates in a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=336.6s	336.6	 transparent middleman business. So what's interesting about Stripe is that so many of the people in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=343.2s	343.2	 ecosystem are public. And so what that means is you can build a pretty accurate mosaic of how well or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=351.2s	351.2	 not well that business is doing by interpolating all the other data from all of these other companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=356.9s	356.9	 that are public and are forced to report. And so there's like a couple of really interesting things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=362.0s	362.0	 that jump off this page. And so the first thing that we did was we looked at what does the future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=366.7s	366.7	 profitability look like? Acts of growth. And what's interesting is that you look at companies like Visa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=374.7s	374.7	 and MasterCard that are doing quite well and have done really well for a long time. But you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=380.2s	380.2	 this outlier in ADIEN. And ADIEN is probably the most obvious competitor to Stripe. And the thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=388.4s	388.4	 that is demonstrated here is how incredibly profitable this business is. And how much operating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=397.5s	397.5	 leverage they have, which means that their OPEX is relatively constrained. Because it turns out-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=403.0s	403.0	 Will you explain the X and Y axis here just so people who are listening can understand the chart?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=406.8s	406.8	 Sure. So if you take the market cap on the X axis and divide it by their sales estimate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=411.5s	411.5	 you get a multiple of the enterprise value to their sales.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=415.3s	415.3	 Got it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=416.0s	416.0	 And if you look at the 2024 estimated EBITDA margin that they're forecasting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=423.9s	423.9	 X of their long-term sales kegger, what you start to get a sense of is the operating leverage that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=430.2s	430.2	 this business has. And so all of this basically nets out to three interesting takeaways.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=437.2s	437.2	 When Stripe got underwritten at $96 billion, it's this data point right here where you see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=444.2s	444.2	 your Stripe previous round.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=446.6s	446.6	 5X enterprise value divided by 2024 sales estimate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=450.0s	450.0	 Divided over their long-term EBITDA exactly by their sales estimate. And then if you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=455.4s	455.4	 the $55 billion valuation, it's down. So what it looks like is happening is appropriately so.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=461.8s	461.8	 People are doing the right thing, which is they're re-rating the stock, right, by approximately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=467.5s	467.5	 50, 60%. But what's interesting is not where they are in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=474.3s	474.3	 where they used to be, but the interesting thing is where they are relative to their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=478.4s	478.4	 most obvious competitor, Adyen. So Nick, please bring up the next one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=482.1s	482.1	 So this is where things get really interesting because we looked at what was Adyen and what was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=487.6s	487.6	 Stripe's GMV per employee a couple of years ago before all hell broke loose in the private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=495.4s	495.4	 funding markets. And what you see is they were pretty equivalent businesses and they had roughly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=500.9s	500.9	 the same amount of employees. But this crazy thing happened, which is that if you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=507.1s	507.1	 the gray bar, this is the number of employees that Stripe has, it went crazy from a little over 2000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=513.8s	513.8	 to almost 8,000. So a 4xing of employees in two years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=517.5s	517.5	 Wow, 4x in 24 months. They had 6,000 people, just pause for a second on that, 6,000 people in 24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=524.6s	524.6	 months and 700 days or so. Three people a day? And if you do the same calculation for Adyen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=530.8s	530.8	 it shows that they a little bit less than grew by about 75%. And then if you look at the growth of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=537.5s	537.5	 GMV and you impute how productive is each employee, basically this is the story of what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=545.3s	545.3	 happened to Stripe and Adyen, which is that Adyen has found operating leverage, right? So they've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=550.4s	550.4	 found and maintained incredible profitability. And Stripe has added an enormous number of employees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=558.6s	558.6	 Now the question is why, right? So it turns out that these guys at the top line are growing roughly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=565.3s	565.3	 the same except Adyen actually takes meaningfully less on a per transaction basis than Stripe does.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=572.4s	572.4	 And the reason is that Adyen services these large head customers, I think big bulky folks that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=579.1s	579.1	 huge amounts of transactions. And so as a result have pricing power. And Stripe has some of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=584.2s	584.2	 customers as well. In fact, they just announced that they're going to process a large portion of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=589.0s	589.0	 Amazon's payment volume. But what's happened at the same time is that those kinds of deals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=595.5s	595.5	 aren't necessarily that profitable. And so you have to hire a lot more people to build a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=602.2s	602.2	 more features so that you can generate revenue from the long tail of customers, all of these SMBs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=607.3s	607.3	 And this is the tale of these two companies, which is that Stripe has some head customers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=611.3s	611.3	 but many, many, many tail customers. Adyen has mostly head customers, fewer tail customers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=618.2s	618.2	 And so the leverage in the business is that Adyen has most of these employees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=622.6s	622.6	 in Europe where the cost of these folks is much, much cheaper and they have less than half the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=626.6s	626.6	 number. And so as both of these companies continue to grow, you have one that has maintained and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=633.6s	633.6	 frankly, raised their long term profit projections because they see it in the business, even at lower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=641.0s	641.0	 transaction costs. And Stripe, which is having a little bit more trouble. So I thought it was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=645.4s	645.4	 really interesting expose. The takeaway for me is that if you were sitting inside the company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=651.4s	651.4	 and obviously hindsight is 2020, the most profitable thing they could have done from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=656.9s	656.9	 an enterprise value perspective would probably have been to go public in 2018, 2019. Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=662.1s	662.1	 they could have raised max value at max valuation, cleaned out all these options issues and have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=668.0s	668.0	 huge balance sheet of cash with which to do stuff, whether it's acquisitions or other things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=672.7s	672.7	 Because the thing that I struggle with is, is there going to be long term profitability in all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=676.3s	676.3	 of these tail products? Because if you look in the SaaS ecosystem and SaaS and the Balduin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=682.8s	682.8	 there's companies building all this other stuff. And these point products are probably pretty good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=686.0s	686.0	 too. Saks, what do you think about Adyen going after the fat part of the long tail and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=691.3s	691.3	 Stripe going after the long tail, having many more customers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=693.8s	693.8	 Well, I think they're both viable strategies. And I mean, I've actually written about this. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=698.0s	698.0	 wrote a blog some time ago called Enterprises versus SMBs, who's the better customer for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=702.7s	702.7	 B2B SaaS companies. And I think the sort of old school traditional view is that enterprises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=709.5s	709.5	 were always the best customers because they have the biggest budgets that translates into the biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=714.2s	714.2	 annual contract values or ACVs. This provides the highest ROI on sales efforts. So now you can make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=720.6s	720.6	 a sales driven distribution strategy pencil in the first place. The prospects are easy to identify.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=726.4s	726.4	 After all, if you're going after the Fortune 500, you can just make a list of the 500 companies. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=731.0s	731.0	 I think the traditional gold standard was sort of the head, like you're saying, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=737.4s	737.4	 the enterprises. However, I think in recent years, it's become more popular to pursue the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=742.8s	742.8	 Stripe strategy of the sort of more SMB. Why is that more popular?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=747.5s	747.5	 Well, because first of all, the SMBs are more early adopters. So when you're a startup,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=753.1s	753.1	 it's way easier to satisfy their standards, to satisfy their needs. Their needs are less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=759.9s	759.9	 complicated. You don't have to have SOC 2 compliance and everything else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=763.3s	763.3	 They're more risk taking, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=764.9s	764.9	 Yeah. If you solve an immediate pain point for them, they'll just buy it. Whereas I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=769.4s	769.4	 enterprises are more late adopters. They tend to be more skeptical of new software categories.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=774.8s	774.8	 Yeah. I think in addition to that, the SMB sales cycle is really quick. I mean, I'd say typically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=779.6s	779.6	 one to two months, you can close a deal. The sale itself is simpler. Like I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=784.2s	784.2	 the product requirements are simpler and the low end of the market tends to be the most underserved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=788.8s	788.8	 part. So it's great to play where the incumbents are not. That's a traditional strategy is you go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=794.3s	794.3	 after the low end of the market that's been kind of overlooked or ignored. And that's kind of what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=798.4s	798.4	 Stripe has done here too, is no one was really surveying these developers. So I tend to think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=803.9s	803.9	 it's a good strategy too. And the truth is it's not one or the other. I think you just have to pick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=808.7s	808.7	 which are your battles that you want to fight. And some starts to go after enterprises and some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=812.9s	812.9	 will go after SMBs. And it really comes down, I think, to founder market fit. I think founders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=818.3s	818.3	 who are better at sales probably skew more towards an enterprise strategy. Whereas if you're more of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=824.2s	824.2	 a product founder, you go after SMBs. Brilliant summary. Over time, Sax, for a company to thrive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=829.5s	829.5	 over long periods of time, do you have to service both or do you think you can stay in one of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=833.9s	833.9	 things and grow indefinitely? Well, what I've seen is that if you start the low end of the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=838.9s	838.9	 with SMBs, over time, you can move up market. Because what happens is that as your product gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=843.6s	843.6	 more and more sophisticated, and your company and your ability to execute and deliver gets more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=847.6s	847.6	 sophisticated, you can start satisfying the needs of bigger and bigger companies. So you start SMB,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=852.6s	852.6	 then you go mid market, then you eventually get to enterprises. I think if you start with enterprises,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=857.9s	857.9	 it's very hard to go down market because it's a lot easier to add requirements to your product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=863.1s	863.1	 than to actually strip complexity out of a product that's actually surprisingly difficult to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=868.6s	868.6	 So I think either strategy can work. Either you start the low end and move up market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=873.2s	873.2	 That's the classic Clay Christensen innovators to the limit type thing. Or you just start at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=878.4s	878.4	 top and you stay at the top. That makes sense. It's just, I mean, adding 10 people a day over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=882.7s	882.7	 two years, that's a large number of people to add to a company. Well, in fairness to Stripe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=886.7s	886.7	 they were very honest about this. And they were like, we overestimated, got confident, and we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=890.7s	890.7	 over hired. And they found that all the coordination costs to Saksis Point became too high. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=895.4s	895.4	 exactly what the Colison said in their memo. So I think that they're trying to course correct and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=899.7s	899.7	 get back to this. I think the point that I'm making unemotionally, I don't own Stripe nor Adyen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=904.6s	904.6	 and I don't have a horse in this race, is more that in this market specifically, in these middlemen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=910.2s	910.2	 highly transparent middlemen markets, it's very difficult to hide the cheese. Meaning,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=915.6s	915.6	 the ability to get to an extremely precise valuation model is pretty easy. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=922.2s	922.2	 this was half a day's work that we did. And the point is, all this data is out there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=926.4s	926.4	 And so it means that if you're going to go public as a company like this, you have to be quite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=932.6s	932.6	 thoughtful about how outside in folks will value you because the terminal buyer is very, very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=937.6s	937.6	 sophisticated and pretty smart about how to think about spaces like this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=941.3s	941.3	 Freberg, when you look at this, it kind of dovetails with the get fit, Brad Gerstner,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=946.1s	946.1	 Elon at Twitter doing more with less employees. Zuckerberg again says he is getting rid of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=951.9s	951.9	 managers. He's asking managers to Saksis discussion about, you know, the layers of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=957.0s	957.0	 management that got added and added where high performers would be would have five people put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=961.4s	961.4	 under them, 10 people put under them. Is it going to be, are you impressed with how quickly the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=967.9s	967.9	 industry is responding to this new environment or are they not responding fast enough?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=973.8s	973.8	 In terms of headcount revenue, because now we're looking at revenue per.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=977.0s	977.0	 Well, I think this is really never looked at that. It's been a decade since we looked at that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=981.3s	981.3	 This is a little bit of a different situation where it's about the scalability of a business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=989.0s	989.0	 Like when I look at like the value that a business has created, you start first with like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=993.2s	993.2	 can you make a product? Can you sell the product? Do people want to buy the product?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=997.1s	997.1	 And then, you know, can you make money selling it? And then there's this metric that a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1001.0s	1001.0	 people use, which is LTV to CAC, which is the lifetime value of acquiring a new customer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1006.7s	1006.7	 divided by the cost to acquire that customer. But I think you can generalize that ratio to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1011.8s	1011.8	 about business performance more broadly, which is, you know, capital deployed, which is typically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1017.7s	1017.7	 what CAC is used in terms of growth on the denominator. And then capital returned over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1023.0s	1023.0	 time, which can be the numerator. And so, you know, you can kind of think about that LTV to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1027.8s	1027.8	 CAC ratio being something more broadly defined as something like ROIC or what have you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1033.4s	1033.4	 The question for the scalability of any business is does that ratio, whether it's LTV to CAC or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1039.6s	1039.6	 ROIC, return on invested capital, does it get bigger or smaller? Does it increase or decrease?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1046.6s	1046.6	 Does that ratio increase or decrease as you get bigger, as you spend more money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1050.1s	1050.1	 as you deploy more money? If it's getting smaller, then mathematically, you can resolve pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1055.5s	1055.5	 quickly to the asymptotic valuation that that business will achieve or the asymptotic revenue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1060.2s	1060.2	 that that business will achieve. And that's a very scary kind of circumstance when a business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1065.4s	1065.4	 that's tracking that metric starts to see that metric shrink. If that metric is growing, then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1071.9s	1071.9	 you have a hyperbolic kind of moment and you can build platforms and add products and invest very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1077.4s	1077.4	 heavily and take lots of risk and take lots of bets. When it's going the wrong way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1083.6s	1083.6	 you have two options. Number one is you have to make a change or a pivot in the business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1087.4s	1087.4	 to get it to go the other way. Or number two is you have to take advantage of that moment before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1092.9s	1092.9	 the market finds out about that moment. Because as soon as the market realizes that that ratio is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1097.3s	1097.3	 going the wrong way, your valuation multiple, what you're worth as a multiple of revenue or profit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1102.6s	1102.6	 shrinks dramatically because then the market can also see that asymptotic outcome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1107.0s	1107.0	 I think it's very often the case that one should, as a board member, as an investor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1111.2s	1111.2	 urge entrepreneurs, CEOs, founders, managers to think really clearly about that metric. What's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1116.6s	1116.6	 the right way to define the denominator and define the numerator in our business and define that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1121.5s	1121.5	 ratio over time? And as soon as it starts tracking the wrong way, you have a moment. You can either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1127.1s	1127.1	 fix it or you got to go sell the business or go public and raise capital before the market catches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1132.6s	1132.6	 on and your valuation shrinks. So I think what Jamath is highlighting... So when I see what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1137.1s	1137.1	 Jamath's showing in this data and talking about this shrinking valuation issue for Stripe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1142.0s	1142.0	 it really, I think, highlights this important point, this broad point, which is did they miss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1146.6s	1146.6	 the window? Did they miss the moment where suddenly the shrinkage is causing an asymptotic outcome for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1152.7s	1152.7	 this business that it makes investors a little bit like, well, I'm not as excited about that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1156.8s	1156.8	 because there's no longer as much upside. And it might be time to kind of devalue the company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1162.2s	1162.2	 And did they miss the moment to go public, raise a bunch of capital, to go and try new things and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1167.0s	1167.0	 hopefully pivot into a way? So I don't know enough about the business, but that's my broad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1171.5s	1171.5	 assessment of this moment. The interesting thing about that space, we talked to one of our friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1176.8s	1176.8	 at our poker game who runs a large consumer facing business. And I don't know if you were there for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1181.5s	1181.5	 that conversation, Offrey Berg, but I was, you were there. Yeah. And one of the interesting things he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1186.2s	1186.2	 said is we are at a level of scale where we just bid these guys against each other. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1191.4s	1191.4	 these things tend to now be loss leaders for them, which is to say effectively that cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1196.5s	1196.5	 structure becomes really important. So your CAC becomes very important because your LTVs are capped,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1201.8s	1201.8	 right? And the LTVs are capped because these companies have enough negotiating leverage to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1206.2s	1206.2	 say, well, if you want my business, here's the cost of doing this business, which makes a ton of sense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1211.8s	1211.8	 if you're any large purveyor of services that require payment processing infrastructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1217.1s	1217.1	 So one of the interesting dynamics I think we're learning in this market is how it's really not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1221.8s	1221.8	 market, right? There are segments and there's embedded profitability in each segment. So to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1226.6s	1226.6	 your point, Freebird, this is the sum of at least three or four different LTV to CAC ratios, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1232.7s	1232.7	 Right. Exactly. The tail looks very different, which is why you have to build a ton of features
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1237.3s	1237.3	 and the head just wants pure play. And it's all about cost first,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1242.1s	1242.1	 because all of these guys want to pick up every nickel and dime that's on the floor, because for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1245.8s	1245.8	 them on billions of transactions is meaningful to them. It's an EPS miss or beat, right? For them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1253.0s	1253.0	 which has huge implications to their stock. This is a market that I think is going to be really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1256.3s	1256.3	 fascinating to uncover and peel back the layers of over the next few years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1259.4s	1259.4	 By the way, we haven't even talked about what Stripe does as a business. I know we have a diverse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1262.6s	1262.6	 audience that doesn't all come from tech. Yeah. So Stripe will process your transactions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1268.4s	1268.4	 but they were the first people to make it as simple as putting a snippet of code into your app
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1272.6s	1272.6	 to process a payment. They compete with Visa and MasterCard and those other places. They charge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1276.4s	1276.4	 you a percentage of each transaction. So to Chamath's point, these larger, and so devs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1282.2s	1282.2	 developers five, 10 years ago, loved this because they could instantly get payments, right? It sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1286.8s	1286.8	 of abstracted the whole thing just the same way cloud computing does, right? Storage at S3,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1290.5s	1290.5	 et cetera. So you can kind of think about it that way, but a large whale in the system, Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1295.3s	1295.3	 which you said Adyen has a lot of whales, not a lot of long tail, Stripe, because it's developer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1299.3s	1299.3	 friendly and a snippet of code, they have this huge long tail. Anybody can do Stripe. In fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1303.8s	1303.8	 people who are using things like Substack or Patreon, I believe they can just drop in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1307.7s	1307.7	 Stripe account. So people now, businesses of one have a Stripe account. They just drop it in there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1312.6s	1312.6	 So for me, that seems like huge potential in the future because some of those could become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1317.0s	1317.0	 whales in the system. And the long tail gives Stripe a lot of pricing power because there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1321.7s	1321.7	 no way for any one of those entities to have enough leverage to tell Stripe, hey, I don't want to pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1327.6s	1327.6	 2.9% plus 20 or 30 cents a transaction. Whereas if you go to the head, I think Adyen is charging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1334.2s	1334.2	 like 1.3 or 4%. So it's a wholly different market. And the pricing as a result is totally different.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1342.2s	1342.2	 Yeah. It's interesting to me, Sax, that we now are getting down to brass tax here. We're analyzing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1349.7s	1349.7	 these money printing businesses and saying, what is the ultimate value of this 10, 20 years from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1355.3s	1355.3	 now? Chamath and I got a front row seat to that because there's a natural audience to every single
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1360.0s	1360.0	 service. For AOL, it was 30 million paid subs a month. At I think the peak was 30 bucks a month,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1366.6s	1366.6	 people were paying Chamath. So at the time- 24.99.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1370.0s	1370.0	 Yeah. So you start looking at those numbers, a billion dollars a month almost in just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1375.6s	1375.6	 and it was a fixed cost business, but then boom, it just hit a ceiling and competition emerged in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1381.7s	1381.7	 the case of broadband. And then that business just slowly deprecated over time. So Sax,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1387.9s	1387.9	 what does this moment tell you for founders, a lot of the listeners here and capital allocators,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1392.6s	1392.6	 in terms of assessing businesses for the last, and this will pivot into our next story,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1396.0s	1396.0	 the last couple of years, if you were a first time fund manager, you were investing in 2019 to 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1402.2s	1402.2	 high valuations, those funds, are they ever going to be able to throw a profit? And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1408.2s	1408.2	 people were investing in those based on momentum, logo chasing. This is now back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1414.8s	1414.8	 sharpening your pencils, Bill Gurley style investing. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1417.6s	1417.6	 Yeah. I mean, we've talked about it before. There's nothing new here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1421.1s	1421.1	 When you're in a boom, the only three things that matter are growth, growth, and growth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1425.8s	1425.8	 And when you're in a downturn, the three things that matter are growth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1430.4s	1430.4	 burn, and margins. It's not that growth stops mattering. It's just that people also care about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1435.0s	1435.0	 burn and margins. And the companies that fare the worst are the ones that have inefficient growth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1443.4s	1443.4	 that basically have burned a lot of money to grow. They have lower negative gross margins. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1449.3s	1449.3	 are burning way too much money. The burn multiple doesn't make sense. Basically the ratio of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1453.6s	1453.6	 money burnt to net new ARR that they're adding, those companies get called out when all of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1459.4s	1459.4	 sudden you have a regime change like we're seeing now. CAC is one of the early signs of this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1464.6s	1464.6	 Chamath, you and I saw that. Remember AOL was sending DVDs everywhere and CAC became
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1470.3s	1470.3	 two or $300 for every AOL subscriber. And then they were playing this funny accounting game. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1475.4s	1475.4	 don't know if you remember this Chamath, where they were saying, hey, the LTV is like five years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1479.2s	1479.2	 for an AOL. They were looking back at that number, not forward with broadband coming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1483.0s	1483.0	 And so like we can totally spend $300 on TV ads to get a dial-up customer at 24 a month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1488.4s	1488.4	 And boy did that whips on them. So listening to everybody talk here, I'm just like, wow,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1493.9s	1493.9	 keep your eye on the CAC folks. The customer acquisition cost, how much you spend to get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1498.2s	1498.2	 new AOL, Netflix or SaaS product or a Stripe customer is critically important.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1503.6s	1503.6	 Chasen We look really closely at CAC payback. How many months does it take to pay back the cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1509.5s	1509.5	 acquiring a customer? We don't look at that exclusively though, because what expenses go into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1516.5s	1516.5	 CAC is highly dependent on your accounting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1518.6s	1518.6	 Aaron Powell Unpack that for a second,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1519.8s	1519.8	 because there's the money you spend on a Facebook ad or a LinkedIn ad or any other great platform for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1524.6s	1524.6	 driving customers to sign up for it. But explain the new-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1527.9s	1527.9	 Chasen Yeah, you spend money on an ad or you spend money on a salesperson,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1531.4s	1531.4	 obviously that goes into CAC. But then what about sales operation headcount? Does that go in? Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1537.3s	1537.3	 that ops headcount or is that sales headcount? Is that customer acquisition or is it something else?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1542.0s	1542.0	 So there's a lot of subtle accounting decisions that have a big impact on that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1545.0s	1545.0	 Aaron Powell Unpack with numbers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1545.9s	1545.9	 Chasen That number. Well, this is why I've always recommended just looking at burn multiple. What I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1550.4s	1550.4	 really want to know is how much money is this startup burning in relation to how much revenue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1554.9s	1554.9	 it's adding? Just like the ratio of those two things, because there's nowhere to hide.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1557.9s	1557.9	 Aaron Powell This month we burned 100. Yeah, so this month we spent $300,000 and we burned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1564.9s	1564.9	 $100,000 and then we added $100,000 in new customers ARR. So that's 1X so that you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1574.1s	1574.1	 on your chart here burn multiple of 1 to 1.5 or under 1 is amazing or great. But if you burn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1579.9s	1579.9	 $200,000 and add $100,000- Chasen I warned founders going into this year do not have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1585.1s	1585.1	 burn multiple greater than 2 because there's just so many headwinds right now that what happens is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1590.5s	1590.5	 if you end up missing your revenue forecast, your burn multiple is going to look terrible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1595.1s	1595.1	 They could shoot up to 3, 4, 5 and up. So it's better to have some cushion by going into the year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1601.8s	1601.8	 being super efficient. Aaron Powell On the converse side,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1604.2s	1604.2	 Friedberg, if your lifetime value of a customer is incorrect, which we're seeing now with people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1611.0s	1611.0	 canceling SaaS products or reducing the number of seats, or in cloud computing, people are now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1617.4s	1617.4	 saying, Hey, maybe I should take myself out of the cloud and host my own servers or some of my own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1621.0s	1621.0	 servers and reducing their cloud bill. Cloud growth is slowing at Azure, Azure, across the board.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1627.5s	1627.5	 Amazon Web Services, etc. It's still growing, but it's slowing the growth. So that LTV, if you get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1633.8s	1633.8	 that wrong, that can whip saw you as well. Yeah. Chasen Yeah, I mean, LTV, which is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1639.2s	1639.2	 what do you make over time from a customer or however you want to assess it? A market deployment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1647.7s	1647.7	 it should be on kind of net cash, meaning like how much profit do I pull back into my bank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1652.7s	1652.7	 accounts at the end of the day after paying third parties and internal people? And where a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1658.8s	1658.8	 people, I think in models I've seen on, you know, what's the lifetime value of a customer, they kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1666.5s	1666.5	 of take either revenue or just the simplified gross profit number. But the reality is if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1671.2s	1671.2	 scaling the number of engineers you need, because you have many more customers, and you got customer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1675.0s	1675.0	 service calls, and you know, you've got to do custom deployments with your customers, all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1680.3s	1680.3	 that kind of adds up to additional cost. And some of these businesses, you see that the SaaS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1685.0s	1685.0	 companies, for example, that all have gotten their multiples hammered. It's because the kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1690.7s	1690.7	 microscope has come out at this point, to some degree, set aside general macro economic factors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1696.7s	1696.7	 that are driving some of the multiple compression. But as the microscope has come out, it turns out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1701.0s	1701.0	 that the efficiency of the business is not what everyone hoped and dreamed a SaaS business might
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1705.1s	1705.1	 be that the efficiency of the business maybe looks a little bit more like either a services
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1709.6s	1709.6	 business or there's a big kind of scaling hardware component that the margin that you actually make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1714.9s	1714.9	 for every dollar of revenue generate fundamentally is smaller than, you know, what you think it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1721.7s	1721.7	 You have to add people to support and ops and new servers and all the stuff you're highlighting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1727.0s	1727.0	 And a lot of that's excluded. And then it doesn't take, you don't realize all that when you're small
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1731.7s	1731.7	 or when you're medium and growing, you realize that when you're bigger. When you're bigger,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1734.9s	1734.9	 you're like, oh, wow, how do we get these costs out? Well, if we cut these costs, customer quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1738.7s	1738.7	 would decline, customers would churn all this bad stuff would happen. So yeah, that LTV number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1743.8s	1743.8	 is generally not right. And that's why I say it's much more about kind of a true ROI see calculation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1749.9s	1749.9	 which is how much capital am I deploying? And it's not just being deployed in marketing dollars,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1755.3s	1755.3	 it's being deployed in other ways. And then how much capital am I making back net profit over time?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1760.3s	1760.3	 And I think that's the right way to always analyze a business generally, but like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1764.4s	1764.4	 particularly in businesses where it's easy to obfuscate either of those numbers, and they could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1768.2s	1768.2	 seem like it's an extraordinary business, you can get hurt when you get bigger or when you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1773.0s	1773.0	 scaling. And in a market like this, where you're trying to go public, it's like, Whoa, that really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1778.2s	1778.2	 hurt, you know, so I think that's a lot of what we're seeing. Let's talk about the other side of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1781.4s	1781.4	 the table, Chamath. We've been living through a zero interest rate hallucination. Basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1787.0s	1787.0	 people were growth, growth, growth, logo, logo, logo, whatever. When they're making these bets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1793.9s	1793.9	 capital allocators now we're back to brass tacks, okay, what's the margin? What's the lifetime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1797.8s	1797.8	 value? And is this actually real? Is there a real business here? Or is this just a grand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1802.9s	1802.9	 hallucination? That hallucination exists not only on the founder side, but on the capital allocator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1808.3s	1808.3	 side. This week, we had a interesting semi viral thread on Twitter, somebody named Tyler Tringus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1819.0s	1819.0	 He's an early stage investor, don't know who that is. But he did a thread predicting a 16 Z,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1824.4s	1824.4	 just to pick out one firm was a zero interest rate phenomenon and an incredible machine to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1830.6s	1830.6	 accumulate a UM as it's under management. And so what were your thoughts just writ large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1837.2s	1837.2	 on the capital allocator side of this grand hallucination of zero interest rates?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1843.1s	1843.1	 I mean, I think it's a little unfair. I think this is written more just to try to generate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1847.5s	1847.5	 views and clicks, because okay, you have to see the underlying return data to really have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1854.2s	1854.2	 sense of knowing is it I think it's fair to say a couple of things that there was probably two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1860.8s	1860.8	 and a half or three years of capital raised in the industry. That's going to get really put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1866.6s	1866.6	 under pressure. And the reason is that there is not a lot of time diversity in that money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1873.5s	1873.5	 meaning people got it, and they put it into the ground right away. And one of the principles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1879.8s	1879.8	 of having a more predictable return set of returns over time is that you leverage time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1886.5s	1886.5	 right? So if you had $100, and you wanted to have a diversified stream of returns,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1892.3s	1892.3	 you're much better off spending $1 a month for 100 months versus $10 a month for 10 months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1901.4s	1901.4	 So just that thing will cause a lot of impact and headwinds for a lot of the capital in 2021.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1909.0s	1909.0	 2022. Then the other thing you have to keep in mind is that over many cycles where we've had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1915.4s	1915.4	 high rates and low rates and medium rates, our industry typically returns $1 60 for every dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1922.9s	1922.9	 it raises. And that's over many cycles. And so if you believe that we're going to revert to the mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1930.0s	1930.0	 out of the trillion dollars we've raised, maybe we'll return 1.6 trillion. Now that sounds good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1937.4s	1937.4	 except the problem is that 1.6 trillion is marked at 5.5 trillion. So you're going to have to give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1945.3s	1945.3	 back- So there's a lot of pain. You're going to have to give back a lot of paper profits in order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1949.9s	1949.9	 to get back to that 1.6 and be okay with it. And the question is, what has happened in decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1955.0s	1955.0	 making in the meantime? Meaning, how many people did you hire? How many deals did you do that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1959.5s	1959.5	 regret? And then how does it change your psychology and how you treat the next investment that comes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1966.0s	1966.0	 over the desk? Can you separate yourself from these bad losses and not be on tilt and make a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1971.8s	1971.8	 good decision? So you had a terrible two-day session like Phil Hellmuth did last week losing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1977.4s	1977.4	 $350,000. Can you play the next week and not be on tilt and start to build back your stack and make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1983.3s	1983.3	 30,000 a night for 10 nights or 10 of the next 20, 15 sessions or whatever it is? Sacks you had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1989.0s	1989.0	 rebuttal or something you wanted to add to this? No, not really a rebuttal. I mean, look, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1992.5s	1992.5	 if you're going to be intellectually honest about it, I think that 2021 is going to likely be not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=1999.2s	1999.2	 great vintage for VC. Why? Because the valuations were just really high. They've come down by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2007.1s	2007.1	 at least 50% on average, maybe more. I mean, 50% now, but you still have more medicine to take,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2015.0s	2015.0	 I think, when you look at some of the businesses. A lot of these companies are growing into their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2018.0s	2018.0	 valuation. Look, I think for any given set of companies, for any portfolio, the most important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2023.4s	2023.4	 thing is what's in the portfolio. So if in 2021 you had the founding of the next Google or whatever,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2032.0s	2032.0	 that effect is going to swamp the effect of price levels in that year because of the power law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2036.8s	2036.8	 Again, the number one most important thing is just what's in that portfolio, what's in that basket.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2040.7s	2040.7	 The second most important thing is the entry prices. And obviously, if the entry prices are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2046.3s	2046.3	 twice as high in a given year than they are in every other year and twice as high as what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2051.9s	2051.9	 exit multiples are going to be in 10 years, when that portfolio becomes liquid, that's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2057.4s	2057.4	 hurt the returns. But we won't know which of these effects predominates until five years from now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2063.0s	2063.0	 More. Yeah. I mean, when I saw that tweet thread, I thought maybe this is an issue for some venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2068.5s	2068.5	 firms, but we're not going to see even the inklings of it for another five or seven years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2073.4s	2073.4	 Takes a while. That's a problem that may manifest itself in year 10. And between now and then,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2080.2s	2080.2	 any firm that has a good track record of returning capital, or frankly, has a good brand and good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2085.4s	2085.4	 marks will still raise an inordinate amount of money because this is an asset class that I still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2089.7s	2089.7	 think on the margins is a more of a must have asset allocation than on the margins. I'd just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2097.2s	2097.2	 rather ignore it because it is the future of how GDP will get created. And so everybody kind of has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2102.9s	2102.9	 to pay attention. Imagine if in 2021, the next great mega outcomes in AI were created, right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2111.2s	2111.2	 because those founders were just slightly ahead of the curve. They were like a couple years ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2114.6s	2114.6	 of the curve. If those create the next whatever trillion dollar companies, Google, Apple,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2122.3s	2122.3	 then the fact that price levels were 2x what they should have been won't matter. What will really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2126.2s	2126.2	 matter is the distribution. There'll be a bunch of bad portfolios. There'll be some really incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2129.8s	2129.8	 ones. And that's the way it always is with venture. The thing to keep in mind is in 21 and 22 rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2134.6s	2134.6	 were still effectively too low. And I think we did this analysis, Nick, you can throw up that thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2139.2s	2139.2	 but it's not correlated with big outcomes, those vintage years. 2023 is the first vintage year where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2147.7s	2147.7	 we're actually starting to see high enough rates that have historically generated that kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2152.8s	2152.8	 return. And so I do agree with you, David, I just think it's shifted out by a couple years, 23, 24,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2158.4s	2158.4	 25. Those can be some real power law years, I think, because we're going to have, just based
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2164.1s	2164.1	 on what the Fed is saying, five and a half percent interest rates for the foreseeable future, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2170.4s	2170.4	 it's a huge, it's a huge number, the risk, that's a huge,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2172.9s	2172.9	 I'll tell you what that is. You know what it is, though, Chamath, I think to build on your point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2177.5s	2177.5	 and free break, I'll bring you in on after this. It creates an environment in which discipline on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2183.0s	2183.0	 all sides of the table, boards, management teams, investors, rank and file, everybody has to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2188.9s	2188.9	 focused. Everybody has to have sharpened swords. And that little bit of headwind is and the ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2195.8s	2195.8	 to raise capital being harder, is building more reserve and more resilience and grit in this set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2201.6s	2201.6	 of founders. It's kind of like parenting, in a way, like if you are too permissive, you give too many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2206.6s	2206.6	 options, kids aren't disciplined. And now this group of entrepreneurs I'm seeing who haven't given up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2212.7s	2212.7	 my Lord, are they becoming animals in terms of like pure samurai, in terms of how they're running
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2218.6s	2218.6	 these businesses, anything that's not efficient, projects that were the third or fourth most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2223.0s	2223.0	 important project cut, cut, cut. Now it's taking them 18 months, free bird to maybe get discipline.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2228.4s	2228.4	 But maybe you could speak to the next three years and the opportunity for investing in this cohort,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2234.2s	2234.2	 because man, that last cohort is going to be really, really challenged. And they'll probably do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2239.4s	2239.4	 six percent returns, just like your money market account can do right now five or six or what bonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2245.1s	2245.1	 can do. But this next group, man, we're seeing dogged entrepreneurs who are focused on reality,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2251.2s	2251.2	 and there's no hallucination now that this is going to be easy. There is no grand illusion here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2256.6s	2256.6	 What are you seeing in the market?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2257.9s	2257.9	 If the market average return in venture in early stage investing is going to be six percent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2263.7s	2263.7	 remember, it's not evenly distributed. So, you know, 80 percent of funds could end up having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2272.1s	2272.1	 net negative real returns and 20 percent make money. And then there'll be a very few that will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2278.1s	2278.1	 make real money. And, you know, that's the nature of having, you know, a very kind of low average
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2285.1s	2285.1	 return on the industry is there may be a lot of wipeouts on the investor class. Folks that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2291.5s	2291.5	 only had one or two funds and then just got blown up in the cycle. I think that there's two groups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2296.7s	2296.7	 of companies out there. One is companies that obviously have been funded and are doing stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2301.4s	2301.4	 and are active businesses, and they've raised money in the past. And that's where there's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2305.6s	2305.6	 to be really ugly times. I've mentioned this in the past, but I do think that there's a significant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2310.3s	2310.3	 number of these companies that if they were to be truly valued on first principles in private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2315.0s	2315.0	 markets today, they'll get valued as at a value that's less than their preferred equity, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2321.4s	2321.4	 means that there's a difficult restructuring needed in the company and not everyone's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2325.2s	2325.2	 to be willing to embrace that. So that's what's going to trigger a lot of the wipeouts in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2328.8s	2328.8	 market. It's not like the businesses are valueless. It's that the capital structure makes it difficult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2333.3s	2333.3	 to refund them, to fund them and continue their operations. Now for all the new businesses, as you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2338.2s	2338.2	 highlight, man, there's so much extraordinary leverage out there. You know, left and right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2344.8s	2344.8	 I think we talked about this maybe a year ago that there was a big bubble coming in AI,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2348.8s	2348.8	 but I mean, left and right, nearly every market, every segment, you won't see a pitch deck that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2354.1s	2354.1	 doesn't have those two letters in it. Right. I mean, I'm sure you guys find it. It is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2362.8s	2362.8	 It is hard not to feel like you're a little bit of a lemming if you buy into the AI stuff. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2368.7s	2368.7	 I will say that the use cases we're seeing are really incredible. Totally. I didn't feel this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2374.2s	2374.2	 way with the last couple of waves. The whole Web3 thing never totally made sense and crypto always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2379.3s	2379.3	 felt a little bit speculative, like kind of unsure. But the AI thing seems like it's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2383.3s	2383.3	 to deliver real value. And I'm seeing already three major enterprise use cases. Number one is just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2390.5s	2390.5	 auto summaries, like being able to summarize very quickly a thousand articles or a meeting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2396.9s	2396.9	 spinning out a summary of what just happened in a meeting and it could break it down between a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2401.0s	2401.0	 recap and action items. It just does all the work for you. Second thing is like in app customer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2407.8s	2407.8	 service, kind of like a co-pilot, but there's no reason to contact customer support anymore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2411.8s	2411.8	 because you can just ask the AI inside the app and like, why would you ever contact a customer?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2415.1s	2415.1	 And the AI will get it right. And they'll be faster. Right. That's something where it's so narrow,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2419.6s	2419.6	 Sachs. Yeah. They'll get it right. It's like a power user who's sitting next to you. It's your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2424.1s	2424.1	 co-pilot and is making you much more effective in the app. And then the third thing we're already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2428.8s	2428.8	 seeing is auto complete for everything. I mean, it is like bonkers how, you know, how you get like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2434.6s	2434.6	 little type as suggestions in email, but it's like two or three words. The AI is going to be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2440.3s	2440.3	 do type ahead for any content type, paragraphs, to do lists, tables. It's bonkers. You see it in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2449.2s	2449.2	 Google. You see it in Google Sheets now. Like if you type, you know, equal sum, it's like, oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2453.5s	2453.5	 here's what the seven most likely things to happen next are. In which case it's kind of like you use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2459.2s	2459.2	 the chess.com app. I don't know if you've used it with like the heads up display where it's showing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2462.9s	2462.9	 you the different moves and this is a book move versus this is not a book move. Let me make a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2467.4s	2467.4	 prediction. All of the things that you guys said, I think are incredible consumer surplus business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2472.6s	2472.6	 opportunities, which means that the ultimate winner is us. And we're going to become, as you said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2479.1s	2479.1	 the consumer. No, the consumer. Incredibly, incredibly productive and more leveraged in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2485.1s	2485.1	 how we spend our time, which will allow us to do all kinds of other interesting things with all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2489.0s	2489.0	 time that we save. That I think is almost now a certainty. The problem with consumer surplus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2495.8s	2495.8	 businesses is oftentimes there is no money made in the funding of them. And really where the money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2501.5s	2501.5	 is made is in enabling it. So for example, so far, what I would say is there's very little money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2507.4s	2507.4	 that has been made in AI. There's been an enormous amount of money that's been made by Nvidia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2514.0s	2514.0	 And the reason is because they are the pick and shovel provider into the industry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2519.0s	2519.0	 And so that's an example. AMD, I think, can also benefit. So the silicon players seem pretty obvious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2526.1s	2526.1	 here. Maybe some of the cloud players, the problem is the cloud players are trapped inside of other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2530.7s	2530.7	 big companies with many other business models. But I just want to put out there that I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2534.4s	2534.4	 David, you're right that the consumer 100% wins. But economically, it's not clear to me that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2542.3s	2542.3	 is a winner that is venture fundable. Well, hold on a second. Yeah. The Levi Strausses of the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2549.1s	2549.1	 right? And the gold rush, the people that made the picks and shovels and the jeans are sure to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2553.7s	2553.7	 money. Yeah. And the people that pan for gold is much more speculative and harder to see right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2559.7s	2559.7	 Yeah. A couple of points on that. So I think you have a point that... So I mentioned three use cases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2565.6s	2565.6	 that I think are killer use cases that we're already seeing demos of today. And when you look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2569.7s	2569.7	 at them, you're like, okay, this has real applicability. I mean, the AI is going to be...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2574.4s	2574.4	 It's going to powerfully change our work lives. I'm just focused on enterprise. So now I don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2579.8s	2579.8	 who benefits economically from that. That functionality that I mentioned, I think is likely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2583.8s	2583.8	 to be pretty commoditized pretty soon, but it's going to be incorporated into lots of different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2589.6s	2589.6	 apps in ways that are hard to predict right now. I think that this AI revolution is going to do for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2596.1s	2596.1	 SaaS what mobile did for a lot of the web 1.0 companies where, like for a lot of these web 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2603.7s	2603.7	 companies, they were either disrupted by mobile or they were turbocharged by mobile. So you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2608.1s	2608.1	 about Facebook, it successfully made the transition and mobile made its business so much better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2612.6s	2612.6	 because people are just using it a lot more on their mobile devices. There were a lot of other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2616.2s	2616.2	 businesses that just kind of fell by the wayside because they just couldn't make the adaptation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2620.9s	2620.9	 from desktop to mobile computing. I think AI is going to be like that for SaaS, where there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2626.0s	2626.0	 going to be a lot of SaaS products that are just absolutely turbocharged. I think you're 100%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2628.9s	2628.9	 Right. I think you're 100%. Right. If you can incorporate the AI into your SaaS product,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2633.4s	2633.4	 put in a co-pilot, put in auto-complete and all sorts of other forms of value that we're just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2638.6s	2638.6	 scratching the surface of, you're going to be able to deliver so much more business value.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2642.3s	2642.3	 But if you're not able to do that and somebody else can, then you're going to get disrupted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2646.3s	2646.3	 Look at some of these enterprise spaces like take something like APM, right? Like application
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2650.6s	2650.6	 performance management. That's an entire ecosystem of enterprise companies. It's probably 10, 15,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2655.4s	2655.4	 20 billion dollars of collective market cap. And I'm just going to say something not to offend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2661.2s	2661.2	 anybody, but like that can mostly be automated by AI. Those are simple heuristics that can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2667.2s	2667.2	 embedded in a way that's completely novel, where this code library just gets dropped in and all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2672.2s	2672.2	 this stuff happens relatively automagically now. So there are all kinds of other sectors, to your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2677.3s	2677.3	 point, that get crushed. Then the question is, who provides that layer now for free in their existing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2683.1s	2683.1	 SaaS toolkit or their product that now all of a sudden captures more value as a result? And they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2688.3s	2688.3	 can sell it for pennies because it's incremental to them in terms of their margin and revenue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2693.2s	2693.2	 I think you're right. Hardware wins. I think cloud wins big because if you keep adding to these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2700.0s	2700.0	 models, and once 1020% better people are going to be willing to pay for that. But then when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2704.5s	2704.5	 think about consumers, whether they're enterprise or actual consumers, I believe, this stuff is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2708.7s	2708.7	 going to provide so much value that people are going to take their wallets out and be more than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2713.0s	2713.0	 willing to spend for it. It's more valuable than Netflix description. I disagree. Okay, I'm going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2717.4s	2717.4	 to take that aside. But imagine you take your videos of you learning to ski, and you put it into an AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2722.5s	2722.5	 coach and it's like, here's how to and it just draws on it. Here's how to be a better skier. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2727.2s	2727.2	 is going to blow people's minds and you'll be more than willing to spend 25 bucks a month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2731.3s	2731.3	 I disagree with that. And the reason is because we've spent now two decades and that's a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2736.4s	2736.4	 of muscle memory to unwind of people that have been consistently given more for less.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2742.6s	2742.6	 And I think that we shouldn't underestimate the expectations we've all collectively created
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2748.4s	2748.4	 by building software tools that have that inherent deflationary aspect to them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2752.9s	2752.9	 And so I just think that it's going to, it's a very high, high bar. I still think there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2756.9s	2756.9	 subscription services to be built. I don't disagree with you there, Jason. I just think that in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2760.1s	2760.1	 general though, the de facto business model that we've created in tech is more for less.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2765.1s	2765.1	 And we've used technology to give us operating leverage to create margin structures that other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2769.8s	2769.8	 companies couldn't copy. And I still don't. And I think that AI accelerates that not changes it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2776.1s	2776.1	 I think it's going to be the opposite. If you look at Netflix, if you look at Disney,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2779.7s	2779.7	 they've been raising prices, providing more value. I think that this is going to provide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2783.8s	2783.8	 so much value that the incremental 10 bucks a month, five bucks a month per employee is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2788.7s	2788.7	 to pay off so much that this could be a slack or like some presentation software. There are a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2793.8s	2793.8	 of people who are making PowerPoint, AI PowerPoints where it makes you a new deck or a figma with AI.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2800.4s	2800.4	 These things are going to be so powerful. People are like, it's totally worth an extra 100 bucks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2803.7s	2803.7	 a month because I can get rid of another employee. This one employee can now do the work of three.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2808.0s	2808.0	 Fuck it, man. I'll give you $1,000. Really good a model. If you just added the LTV of that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2813.2s	2813.2	 software company is going to make more money. I'm just saying it's deflationary. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2816.8s	2816.8	 deflationary. Okay, it's deflationary on the entire economy. But that's software company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2821.0s	2821.0	 that figures out how you can fire two accountants and keep one and make them as good as, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2826.6s	2826.6	 three. Yeah, you're able to charge software. Right. You're selling consumer surplus. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2831.4s	2831.4	 I think we're in agreement. Freebird sold in silence. You want to chime in on this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2834.6s	2834.6	 You still with us? So then silence, technology drives prices down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2840.6s	2840.6	 Well, technology is about doing more with less, right? It's about doing more with less.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2844.0s	2844.0	 And the AI helps you do so much more with the same amount of time or less time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2848.0s	2848.0	 I think your whole point about Disney and Netflix, etc. is because they aren't, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2853.1s	2853.1	 innovating on either sides. And so in order to drive earnings growth, they're having to raise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2857.0s	2857.0	 prices. But that doesn't speak to the benefit of technology. They're innovating massively. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2862.6s	2862.6	 innovating massively. They're adding massive features to their products and massive new shows.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2867.4s	2867.4	 I mean, I think there's pricing power in this AI. That's just my belief. I could be wrong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2871.7s	2871.7	 It's not about leverage. Yeah. I mean, look, I think I think your point like so my general rule
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2876.6s	2876.6	 of thumb on technology is the technology creator, the technology company should generally be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2884.5s	2884.5	 capturing about one third of the value that they deliver to the customer. Unpack that. Why? Where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2888.6s	2888.6	 do you come up with that? So I mean, it just kind of where I'm giving an example. Yeah. Yeah. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2893.4s	2893.4	 like, let's say that you as a food delivery company, you have to pay a human 10 bucks to deliver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2902.5s	2902.5	 food from you. Now, let's say I run a robot. My amortized cost of running that robot is two bucks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2908.3s	2908.3	 So it's eight bucks cheaper or call it $1. So it's $9 cheaper. I should charge you four bucks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2915.0s	2915.0	 You know, because four bucks is super competitive with the existing market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2918.7s	2918.7	 And it'll keep me competitive against the other automation companies that are going to start to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2921.8s	2921.8	 emerge. It's just kind of how market dynamics end up working out. If you charge too much,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2927.1s	2927.1	 you're going to invite people to come in and compete with you. If your technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2930.8s	2930.8	 commoditizes, remember all technology commoditizes over time. And if you don't charge enough,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2937.4s	2937.4	 you're not going to make enough money to be able to reinvest in scaling your business and doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2941.8s	2941.8	 more kind of interesting things as a platform. So, you know, generally AI provides more leverage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2946.8s	2946.8	 to Sachs's point. If I can build an application, I don't know if you guys have seen these incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2950.6s	2950.6	 UI apps that are built in AI now, where I can say with a prompt, Hey, make me talk about it two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2955.8s	2955.8	 weeks ago. Yeah, right. Make me a dog walking app interface. And it builds like the three steps of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2960.0s	2960.0	 the dog walking app and gives you a bunch of options and you can pick the one you want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2963.3s	2963.3	 I would typically have to pay a design firm $50,000 to do that work for me. So if it be AI is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2969.3s	2969.3	 doing it automatically, you know, I should be paying, let's say $15,000 for that product,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2975.4s	2975.4	 for that capability. The margin on that is 100%. Try 50. Right. Whatever it is, very low. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2980.8s	2980.8	 margin on that's 100%. Whereas the margin on paying people to do design work as a design firm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2985.4s	2985.4	 is very, you know, not a great margin. You're having to pay. You know why we're having that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2990.0s	2990.0	 we're working it out in our heads right now. One group of us is talking about comparing AI software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=2995.6s	2995.6	 and AI services to the existing software stack. And then on the other side of the discussion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3000.1s	3000.1	 we're comparing it to the humans who are currently doing that work. Imagine the 6% that two brokers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3005.0s	3005.0	 get, you know, doing the sale of a million dollar home and that 60,000 and AI could negotiate that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3011.4s	3011.4	 and find you a better home and sell your home for the optimal price. For less than that 60,000. What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3017.0s	3017.0	 would you be willing to pay for that? Right. And the same thing with the designer of the logo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3020.6s	3020.6	 I don't think that's how it's going to play out exactly, J Cal, because to completely eliminate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3024.7s	3024.7	 a job function, you have to do, you know, 100% of it. And you have to do it, you know, 100% of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3030.1s	3030.1	 the job function as well as are better than the human. Whereas, I think as opposed to a model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3036.5s	3036.5	 where you still have the human in the loop, but they're much more productive because they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3039.8s	3039.8	 working with an AI. They're augmented. It's more the Iron Man. It's the Iron Man like model. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3046.0s	3046.0	 I think that's more effective. Yeah. So I think if there's a job reduction, it would be more the case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3051.8s	3051.8	 where they've got a team of five accountants and they go to two or three because now they're just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3057.1s	3057.1	 much more productive. I don't think they go to zero. That's my sense anyway. I look at outsourcing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3063.1s	3063.1	 as a possible corollary to this. You remember when you moved the accountants to Manila where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3067.9s	3067.9	 their knowledge worker's there and it knocked out half the price, two thirds of the price, whatever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3071.2s	3071.2	 it was. This just feels like that on steroids to me. If you have a business model like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3077.5s	3077.5	 Infosys or Tata or one of these things that's levered to utilization rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3081.8s	3081.8	 this is the most obvious way to basically add many potentially percentage points, if not tens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3088.6s	3088.6	 of percentage points of utilization to your business. That's all money, free money for you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3092.5s	3092.5	 right? Because now you'll have fewer people, they'll be more utilized and they'll have more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3097.0s	3097.0	 leverage because they'll be using a bot or some AI agent to help them write code, write unit tests,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3103.6s	3103.6	 all that typical stuff that right now you outsource and even if you pay a marginal cost,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3108.8s	3108.8	 you add the labor arbitrage to technology arbitrage. Now all of a sudden these businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3112.3s	3112.3	 look really, really interesting. Yeah. I think customer support definitely gets revolutionized,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3118.9s	3118.9	 right? Because the initial, you know, the first line of defense is going to be the AI using,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3127.9s	3127.9	 you know, text to voice and it can choose what language it wants to output to, what accent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3133.6s	3133.6	 so you'll never know that you're, you'll think you're talking to someone locally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3138.1s	3138.1	 Literally, you'll be in 50 languages with the right answer and you don't need to build up that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3142.9s	3142.9	 entire group. I mean, this, I think we're underestimating in some ways. Yeah. But I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3148.2s	3148.2	 think it happened here. But my point is, I think that a lot of the customer support inquiries just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3152.8s	3152.8	 go away because the help, the assistant gets built into the tool directly. So you never get to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3158.0s	3158.0	 point of inquiry. Yeah, it's coaching you as you go. Yeah. Like why would you, you know, if you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3161.8s	3161.8	 just ask it. People do that right now on YouTube. If you just type the question into YouTube and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3166.2s	3166.2	 you find the video that takes five minutes, but you're saying this is going to take 15 seconds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3170.9s	3170.9	 Sachs, because it's going to be right there. I think what Sachs said before is hugely important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3175.0s	3175.0	 when you think about how AI touches non-technology businesses. What he said is the boundary condition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3179.7s	3179.7	 which I think is right. I think he nailed this, which is the boundary condition for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3183.7s	3183.7	 AI to replace a human is where the threshold error rate of that AI is the same or less than the human,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3191.1s	3191.1	 right? If you look at very complicated markets, where does regulatory capture rear its ugly head?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3197.9s	3197.9	 It's in allowing humans to be error prone, and you can't do anything about it. Take health care.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3203.1s	3203.1	 If you go into a hospital, there's a certain error rate in every surgery, right? There's a certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3208.2s	3208.2	 error rate in the things that happen. But there's probably a whole bunch of ways in which that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3212.8s	3212.8	 entire infrastructure can be made much, much better with AI, right? A robot that does laser guided
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3218.8s	3218.8	 precision surgery, characterizing tumors with 100% accuracy, so you always get 100% of the cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3225.8s	3225.8	 out when you go and get surgeries done. All these things are possible now, and all of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3231.4s	3231.4	 you take these error rates that can be high as high as 20 or 30%. So for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3235.6s	3235.6	 breast cancer surgeries, the dirty secret of our healthcare industry is that has a 30% error rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3242.0s	3242.0	 That can and should go to zero. And now all of a sudden, so these highly regulated markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3246.6s	3246.6	 I think, can become much, much more efficient and, and leveraged and at pass that consumer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3253.1s	3253.1	 surplus onto people. In that case, it's healthfulness, which I think is a big deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3257.9s	3257.9	 I did my pre new interesting. I did my pre nouveau scan. Yeah, incredible. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3263.8s	3263.8	 I got all the videos, I got all the loops, I went to the one down on El Camino Real,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3268.6s	3268.6	 it was like going to a spa in and out, no big deal. But I got the results. And it's like, oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3272.5s	3272.5	 here, here's a tiny of little things that are not worth cutting your body open to look at. But just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3277.8s	3277.8	 so you know, your knee, your shoulder, your kidney, there's a little polyp here, there's a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3281.2s	3281.2	 polyp here, whatever, there's a little growth here. But let's see in two or three years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3284.8s	3284.8	 just monitor it. And I'm like, Oh, my God, I'm so grateful. This thing gets down to like 500 bucks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3290.5s	3290.5	 which it obviously will or 1000 bucks, and everybody's doing it. And then all that data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3293.8s	3293.8	 is in there. And then the AI is looking at it, like you're saying, I mean, the early detection,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3299.4s	3299.4	 was he able to tell the doctor how full of shit you were? No, you know, you're not supposed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3305.0s	3305.0	 eat for 24 hours. So they didn't get an accurate reading on how full of BS. There's your cold oven,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3313.4s	3313.4	 everybody. Yeah, I here's a really important clip for founders. Play the Steve Jobs clip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3321.6s	3321.6	 This is super important when looking at Web3 versus AI to Sachs's point, you've got to start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3327.6s	3327.6	 with the customer experience and work backwards to the technology. You can't start with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3334.2s	3334.2	 technology and try to figure out where you're going to try to sell it. And I've made this mistake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3339.6s	3339.6	 probably more than anybody else in this room. And I've got the scar tissue to prove it. And I know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3344.8s	3344.8	 that it's the case. And as we have tried to come up with a strategy and a vision for Apple,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3354.3s	3354.3	 it started with what incredible benefits can we give to the customer? Where can we take the customer?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3363.3s	3363.3	 Not starting with, let's sit down with the engineers and figure out what awesome technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3371.8s	3371.8	 we have, and then how are we going to market that? And I think that's the right path to take.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3379.5s	3379.5	 Can I ask you guys a question? I sometimes I go down these rabbit holes, I'll watch hours and hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3384.1s	3384.1	 of Steve Jobs clips. What do you think makes him so calm? Doesn't he just strike you as incredibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3394.3s	3394.3	 just like calm and like comfortable with himself and just aware? I know what it is. What is it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3401.0s	3401.0	 so much better and aesthetically building product than anybody else. He when you think of that PC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3405.9s	3405.9	 era of no taste, beige boxes, and everybody having no style, and just no swagger, he was studying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3415.3s	3415.3	 you know, German design, Buddhism, tripping on acid, and like just understanding the universe at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3422.2s	3422.2	 level that gates and the other contemporaries. And he was just like, he was just like, he was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3428.8s	3428.8	 just on such a different level that gates and the other contemporaries weren't they just weren't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3434.4s	3434.4	 as transcendent in understanding product design as he was. So it was like when you were saying you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3440.7s	3440.7	 were playing poker with a bunch of four year olds or something. That's the analogy. He's just on such
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3445.7s	3445.7	 a different level that he's watching people make, you know, as 400 and, you know, IBM, PS, whatever,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3453.5s	3453.5	 like, just garbage computers, garbage operating systems. And it's just like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3457.4s	3457.4	 any era, just the way that he communicates, there's just a level of calm. I don't know how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3463.6s	3463.6	 to describe it. So you understand what I'm trying to say? Like, he he just seems like he just sees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3467.3s	3467.3	 through all the noise, like he's seen through the matrix, like he's unplugged himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3471.7s	3471.7	 Sacks is unimpressed. Okay, there you have it. No, I'm very impressed with Steve Jobs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3475.8s	3475.8	 I think he understood product development better than anybody else. Yeah, clearly. That's it. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3480.4s	3480.4	 mean, my favorite Steve Jobs passage is the one where he describes the John Scully disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3487.0s	3487.0	 Do you guys remember this? Yeah, no. Oh, here it is. You know, one of the things that really hurt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3494.2s	3494.2	 Apple was after I left, John Scully got a very serious disease. It's the disease of thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3499.9s	3499.9	 that a really great idea is 90% of the work. And if you just tell all these other people, here's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3505.2s	3505.2	 this great idea, then of course you can go off and make it happen. And the problem with that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3510.4s	3510.4	 that there's just a tremendous amount of craftsmanship in between a great idea and a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3515.2s	3515.2	 great product. Yeah. So true. Yeah, I mean, I tell people it's like a rugby scrum. You go,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3522.6s	3522.6	 you know, you got to get a whole team to get the ball down the field. It's not like one person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3527.6s	3527.6	 put the ball down the field. You know, they kind of maybe suggested a play. But once you're on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3531.8s	3531.8	 field, everything changes. And everyone's involved in getting it down the field. That quotes where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3537.0s	3537.0	 the name for craft ventures comes from. Oh, really? Oh, little known fact. Yeah, I didn't know that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3541.8s	3541.8	 Yeah. Section 230. We talked about last week. The Gonzalez versus Google case, the justices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3548.3s	3548.3	 hurt or arguments and plaintiffs seem to fare poorly quote from SCOTUS blog justice. Elena Hagan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3556.1s	3556.1	 suggested it even if section 230 is not well suited to address the current needs of today's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3561.0s	3561.0	 internet such as such a task was best left as we predicted last week, I think Sachs you did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3567.7s	3567.7	 best left to Congress rather than the Supreme Court. Quote, these are not like the nine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3573.6s	3573.6	 greatest experts on the internet. Hagan observes Sachs your thoughts. Yeah, I mean, this is just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3579.3s	3579.3	 I think really a quick update to what we talked about last week, the justice heard oral arguments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3584.7s	3584.7	 They seem to be very skeptical of the plaintiffs arguments. Even Justice Thomas, who has written
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3591.0s	3591.0	 the most skeptically in recent years about the broad immunity that tech companies enjoy under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3595.7s	3595.7	 section 230 seem surprisingly sympathetic to the theory that the Ninth Circuit Court ruled on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3603.4s	3603.4	 which is that section 230 protects recommendations, as long as the providers algorithm treats content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3609.0s	3609.0	 on its website similarly. So even the justice who I think was most likely to reign into 30 seemed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3617.2s	3617.2	 be more comfortable with what the defendant, which was Google was saying. So it looks to me like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3623.5s	3623.5	 Google and Big Tech are going to win this one. Any thoughts, Jemma?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3627.8s	3627.8	 No, not really. I think I want to know what you guys think about Trump showing up with Big Macs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3632.1s	3632.1	 and water in East Palestine. I mean, he's a he's a media genius. He beat Buttigieg to East Palestine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3638.6s	3638.6	 Yeah, that was unbelievable. I literally pull up my tweet. I think this is the power we because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3645.8s	3645.8	 Trump has been out of the public discourse for years. He's a media savant. He is a media savant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3651.5s	3651.5	 Literally, Biden is in Ukraine saber rattling over air sirens that may or may not be true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3658.0s	3658.0	 They were fake. Who cares?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3661.1s	3661.1	 Well, no, no, it doesn't matter. No, it doesn't matter. No, we don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3665.4s	3665.4	 We do. We do. Actually, okay, because I don't need to be on our second. I don't need to be there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3673.5s	3673.5	 because Jake Sullivan just paid in a press conference. And he was asked by a CBS News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3677.4s	3677.4	 reporter if the US gave the Russians any kind of heads up that the president was going to be in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3681.9s	3681.9	 Kiev. And what Sullivan said, and I quote is, we did notify the Russians that President Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3687.7s	3687.7	 will be traveling to Kiev. We did so some hours before his departure for deconfliction purposes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3693.8s	3693.8	 You know what deconfliction is? It's when the US tries to avoid an accidental conflict.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3701.0s	3701.0	 And, you know, Putin's not crazy enough to try and assassinate Biden. So the Russians were not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3705.4s	3705.4	 attacking Kiev that day. In fact, they haven't attacked Kiev as far as I know for weeks. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3709.8s	3709.8	 these air raid sirens were basically just pure theater. But the amazing thing is that if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3714.4s	3714.4	 don't know if you don't know that Biden orchestrated is my point. People on your side,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3719.8s	3719.8	 come on, Jason, doesn't mean Biden pressed the button. So don't don't also take it to the other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3725.2s	3725.2	 extreme. It was theater. Who knows who went who who why the siren went off. But put it aside.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3731.0s	3731.0	 This was a joint event between the Biden administration and the Zelensky team.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3735.8s	3735.8	 They organized it. The whole thing was choreographed. How do you how did that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3739.0s	3739.0	 red carpet get there? Jason? Was that an accident too? Okay, let's put that aside.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3744.1s	3744.1	 Acting like this is accidental. I mean, how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3746.2s	3746.2	 Let me give you your GOP. Let me give you your GOP win. Donald Trump is a savant. And he went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3753.4s	3753.4	 to America to the place that we were reporting on the under reported story. People in East Palestine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3760.6s	3760.6	 are being ignored. And he comes there to help the people of America. I give you all credit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3767.8s	3767.8	 your guy, Sachs did the most amazing media move in history. He went to middle America where people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3774.2s	3774.2	 are suffering as opposed to a war that nobody wants to be in and spend all that money on. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3778.2s	3778.2	 won't spend money cleaning up East Palestine, but we will go spend billions in Ukraine. Go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3785.4s	3785.4	 All right, go ahead. You want to know what this reminded me of? And you may think this is a weird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3788.2s	3788.2	 connection, but it reminded me of the ending to the movie Boys in the Hood. Do you remember what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3793.0s	3793.0	 happens at the end of that movie? No, I haven't seen it in years. Go. Okay, it was 30 years old,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3797.0s	3797.0	 but Ice Cube plays this character, Doboy, and his brother gets killed. And at the very end of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3802.2s	3802.2	 movie, he gives this speech to Cuba Gooding Jr. where he says, you know, I turned on the TV,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3808.6s	3808.6	 and there was all this shit about violence in a foreign land and there was nothing on my brother
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3812.4s	3812.4	 getting killed. All this stuff about what's happening in foreign countries, nothing about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3816.2s	3816.2	 what's happening here. And then I think the most memorable line was either they don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3821.0s	3821.0	 don't show, or they don't care what's going on in the hood. Right. So what's going on here is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3827.0s	3827.0	 people of East Palestine, Ohio are being engulfed in a plume of carcinogens and toxins. And Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3833.9s	3833.9	 is off pursuing this crusade in Eastern Ukraine. And it's not just him. I'll dish out to Mitch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3840.2s	3840.2	 McConnell as well. Mitch McConnell was on TV. Oh my God, those are the neocons of our neocons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3844.6s	3844.6	 McConnell was on TV saying that the number one priority of the United States right now is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3849.4s	3849.4	 defeating Russia in Ukraine. It's not helping the people of Ohio. It is not securing the border.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3856.2s	3856.2	 It is not solving crime in our cities. It is not making our schools better. It's running off and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3861.1s	3861.1	 basically supporting this war in Ukraine. So both these octogenarians, Biden and McConnell, both,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3867.5s	3867.5	 they either don't know, don't show, or they don't care what is happening in the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3871.9s	3871.9	 of America. He's a genius. But it's not even genius. I mean, it's so obvious that you go there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3876.3s	3876.3	 It is so obvious. Nobody wants to be in a forever war. And Buttigieg didn't go there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3879.8s	3879.8	 and Biden didn't go there. It's not genius. DeSantis didn't go there. Where's DeSantis?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3884.7s	3884.7	 He should have gone. He hasn't declared yet. He hasn't declared yet. Make a trip. I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3888.9s	3888.9	 most senior Democratic person that went over there was Josh Shapiro, who's the governor of Pennsylvania.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3893.9s	3893.9	 He got there before Buttigieg. What is going on? I mean, and this, it's a never-ending war. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3901.3s	3901.3	 you know, this is, nobody wants to fight a never-ending war. This is, this is what got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3906.8s	3906.8	 Bush in trouble, right? Like this was the big critique is like, we're spending all this money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3910.5s	3910.5	 over in the Middle East on these conflicts. And that's how-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3913.6s	3913.6	 Well, you're talking about Bush senior. Yeah. So let's, let's contrast this with Bush senior.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3917.2s	3917.2	 I think actually it's a good analogy. So the, with Bush senior, Bush actually, this is in 1991,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3922.4s	3922.4	 he won the Iraq war. That was actually a stunning foreign policy success because he actually didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3927.8s	3927.8	 go too far. He didn't go all the way on the road to Baghdad the way that his son, George O. U. Bush,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3931.9s	3931.9	 would creating an epic disaster. So Bush 41 delivered a victory there and he still lost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3939.0s	3939.0	 election. Why? Because he seemed out of touch. He wasn't focused on domestic problems. The American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3944.8s	3944.8	 people want an American president to focus on American problems. And even if Biden delivers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3950.2s	3950.2	 some sort of victory in Ukraine, if he ignores these festering problems at home, then he is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3955.4s	3955.4	 I think, vulnerable for this reelection. But I think the truth of the matter is that this war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3961.4s	3961.4	 is going to turn out much worse than the Iraq war did in 1991, because in 91, we showed restraint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3967.9s	3967.9	 and we knew what our vital interest was and we kept our objectives limited and we kept the timetable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3973.7s	3973.7	 very short. What is Biden doing here? Biden won't tell us what the objective is. It's just whatever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3978.6s	3978.6	 the Ukrainians want. He won't tell us what the timetable is. It's basically for as long as it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3983.6s	3983.6	 takes. And then meanwhile, this week you had Kamala Harris go to the Munich summit declaring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3988.6s	3988.6	 that the Russians are guilty of crimes against humanity, which that's something that we could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3993.3s	3993.3	 have assessed after the war. Think about the incentives you're now giving the Russian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=3997.0s	3997.0	 leadership. Before we said that we just wanted them to leave. When you accuse them of war crimes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4002.0s	4002.0	 it implies that we're going to go chasing them all the way to Moscow. They're not going to want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4005.5s	4005.5	 end this war. They can be put on trial at The Hague. I mean, this is highly inflammatory. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4011.6s	4011.6	 you know, this thing is not going in the right direction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4013.5s	4013.5	 Aaron Ross Powell Yeah. And that was the thing I didn't like about Biden's speech over there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4016.8s	4016.8	 just he's escalating, escalating, escalating. Hey, we have to stop Putin. I mean, which you do. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4022.1s	4022.1	 did invade another country. He did cause three or 400,000 Russians have died, according to reports.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4028.1s	4028.1	 Over 100,000 Ukrainians have died, according to reports. Neither side is giving the accurate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4032.2s	4032.2	 number because they don't want to demoralize their constituents. But the amount of suffering going on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4037.5s	4037.5	 here is extraordinary. And I think it should be the West who is going to send Macron, send somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4044.1s	4044.1	 from Germany, send some, you know, group of people to then go to Ukraine and work this out. But you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4050.8s	4050.8	 don't need to have Biden go in there saber rattling. It was too much saber rattling for me. And not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4055.0s	4055.0	 enough de-escalation. We need de-escalation in these situations, not saber rattling.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4060.3s	4060.3	 Pete Slauson I agree with you, Jason, but Biden has really painted himself into a corner here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4065.4s	4065.4	 Because before the war, he refused to take NATO expansion off the table. He refused to recognize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4070.7s	4070.7	 the Russian interest in Crimea. And we gave no support to the Minsk Accords, which would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4074.9s	4074.9	 given some limited autonomy to the Russian speakers in the Donbass area. If we had just done those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4079.3s	4079.3	 three things, there would have been no war. Biden refused to do that. He refuses to take NATO expansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4083.9s	4083.9	 off the table even today. So, he has nothing to compromise with. He is dug in. And the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4089.3s	4089.3	 we have now is that it's a lose-lose scenario. If the Ukrainians keep doing poorly, because right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4097.0s	4097.0	 now it looks like they're on the back foot, what is the United States going to do? Are we going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4100.2s	4100.2	 let them lose this war? Or are we going to keep giving them more aid and step in? It looks to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4104.5s	4104.5	 like Biden now has invested his whole presidency in this and he can't just let them lose, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4109.0s	4109.0	 means more escalation from us. And on the Russian side, if the Russians lose, then they have an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4115.0s	4115.0	 incentive to use nuclear weapons to rescue the situation. So, it seems to me that both scenarios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4121.5s	4121.5	 here are really bad and we don't really have a good way out of this. We're looking for some sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4126.9s	4126.9	 magical Goldilocks scenario where the Russians sort of lose but not enough to use nukes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4133.2s	4133.2	 The administration has not given us a clear picture of what victory looks like here that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4138.5s	4138.5	 actually reasonably achievable in a reasonable timeframe, at a reasonable cost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4144.2s	4144.2	 What do we think of Freiburg of Xi Jinping making overtures and, hey, maybe we should work towards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4151.0s	4151.0	 peace if you follow the money. He wants cheap oil. He wants this thing to end and he wants the West
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4155.4s	4155.4	 to be buying goods from China. The West wants to sell a bunch of armaments. The military industrial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4162.3s	4162.3	 complex is absolutely in delight of replenishing all of these weapons. Perhaps a little cynical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4168.6s	4168.6	 to follow the money concept, but what we should take on the chessboard of Xi Jinping is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4174.6s	4174.6	 visit Putin before Biden does and he wants to build bridges and we want to saber-rattle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4181.2s	4181.2	 What are your thoughts? Isn't he getting like, I mean, China buys energy from Russia today. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4188.1s	4188.1	 buy oil that are on sale at a very cheap price. So, if I'm China, I want this to last longer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4193.6s	4193.6	 don't I? Like, why would I want to end this and then have Russia's markets open up? Because if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4197.8s	4197.8	 their markets open up, the markets normalize to market prices. Right now, they're getting a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4202.6s	4202.6	 discount. So, I think they certainly don't want things to escalate. The question is how quickly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4208.2s	4208.2	 do they want them to de-escalate? So, if I'm China, I'm kind of probably playing a little bit of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4214.7s	4214.7	 middle line here. I obviously don't want to see a big hot war. China's got its own domestic problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4220.4s	4220.4	 right now that seem pretty significant and existential and having access to cheap energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4225.0s	4225.0	 seems like a benefit. Obviously, if there was significant conflict and escalation of conflict,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4231.0s	4231.0	 that would be very bad from an economic perspective for China. So, they're probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4235.5s	4235.5	 somewhere in the middle, like a slow resolution, let's say. I don't know. I mean, this is pure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4239.6s	4239.6	 speculation. This is just me guessing. But Europe, Sachs or Chamath, Europe isn't going to buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4243.6s	4243.6	 Putin's oil anytime soon, right? They're now going to buy-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4246.0s	4246.0	 No, but he's able to sell it to China and he's able to sell it to India and the rest of the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4249.3s	4249.3	 There was actually an article in today's New York Times about how the West may be unified
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4254.2s	4254.2	 about Ukraine, but the rest of the world is not. The article was saying something that Chris the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4258.6s	4258.6	 War said for a while, which is we actually don't have the whole world with us at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4262.6s	4262.6	 The BRICS countries are not with us. The emerging world, the whole Southern Hemisphere basically is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4266.6s	4266.6	 not with us. They would like the US to play a more constructive role in finding a peace deal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4271.4s	4271.4	 not like you said, Jason, saber rattling or escalating. So, the rest of the world is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4275.1s	4275.1	 happy with us and this is why the Russian sanctions have not been effective. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4279.3s	4279.3	 the Russian economies had like a three to 4% hit. It is not the collapse that was predicted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4284.2s	4284.2	 because there are enough other countries willing to do business with them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4286.8s	4286.8	 Would this have happened, Shamath, if Trump was president and how would Trump have handled it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4290.8s	4290.8	 Do you think? Just game theory here. I'm just curious because Trump almost won, right? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4295.0s	4295.0	 if Trump had won, what would this look like? Would Putin have gone in there if Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4298.2s	4298.2	 was president and how would Trump have handled it? Because Trump seems to think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4302.0s	4302.0	 I would have just told him, don't do this and they wouldn't have done it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4305.3s	4305.3	 I mean, this is the most obvious compliment I can give him. I think that he is exceptionally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4311.3s	4311.3	 pragmatic on being anti-war and I think that that is one of the most positive characteristics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4319.7s	4319.7	 that he showed. He was really the only president, I think, in modern history, right, Saqibu, that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4324.2s	4324.2	 hasn't gotten us embroiled in a new war. New wars, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4327.4s	4327.4	 It is the best part of him, yeah. He's been incredibly, incredibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4330.5s	4330.5	 consistent. So, I suspect that there would have been some kind of a deal. I know that sounds so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4336.5s	4336.5	 ridiculous to say, but there would have been a deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4338.2s	4338.2	 There would have been a deal. I actually agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4341.0s	4341.0	 He's a deal maker. He's a deal maker. And Jason, he gave a statement this week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4343.0s	4343.0	 He went to North Korea. He went to North Korea and met with...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4346.8s	4346.8	 He'll shake hands with anybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4348.1s	4348.1	 Exactly. He would have fired all of the deep state blob that started to position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4353.8s	4353.8	 anything towards a conflict. So, I think he would have shut the door so ferociously on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4359.5s	4359.5	 Ukraine and NATO and anybody that crossed that line, he would have tarred and feathered publicly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4365.4s	4365.4	 And I think the end result would have been that Putin could have found an off ramp well before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4370.1s	4370.1	 he invaded, probably. Totally. Yes. I agree with that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4373.4s	4373.4	 And Trump blamed Germany for all this, right? He called it...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4377.4s	4377.4	 Well, Trump very early asked the question, why are we spending all this money to defend Germany,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4382.7s	4382.7	 when Germany has this big pipeline deal with Russia? It doesn't seem like they need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4386.8s	4386.8	 our protection. They should just pay for it themselves. But I think there's a separate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4390.1s	4390.1	 point that Chamath has made that is a really good point, which is Trump's instinctual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4396.1s	4396.1	 resistance to what the deep state wants. And he actually said it this week. He gave a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4401.7s	4401.7	 two minute televised statement that was all over Twitter, where he basically made the argument
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4405.7s	4405.7	 that, listen, the reason why we're in this war is because the military industrial complex and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4410.6s	4410.6	 foreign policy establishment, they basically courted this conflict. And they are working at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4416.0s	4416.0	 odds with the interests of the American people. It's actually a fairly radical critique. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4420.5s	4420.5	 think a major presidential candidate has run against the military industrial complex the way that he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4426.1s	4426.1	 is now positioning himself. And let me tell you this, I've said it before, he's not my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4430.2s	4430.2	 preferred candidate. But if this war spirals out of control, either it turns into an even bigger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4438.3s	4438.3	 conflict that draws us in, or it turns into a big recession, because I don't think we've seen the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4443.7s	4443.7	 last of the supply shocks from this war. If we get a recession that Trump can, I think, lay at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4452.2s	4452.2	 feet of this war, he's positioning himself to take advantage of this could be a silver bullet for him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4457.4s	4457.4	 I don't think he has any other way of winning. But, you know, if this turns into a big mess,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4462.5s	4462.5	 Trump is positioning himself- Tin foil hat sacks. You have your tin foil hat there?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4466.3s	4466.3	 Put it on for a second. I want to talk to tin foil sacks, tin foil hat sacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4470.4s	4470.4	 Let's put them the tin foil hats on here. Do you think Putin is escalating this as a way to position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4478.6s	4478.6	 Trump to where Putin says he could say this during the election? Like, listen, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4483.2s	4483.2	 I would love to talk to Trump. And what if Trump goes and talks to Putin? Or does a phone call with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4488.1s	4488.1	 him? Because I know that's against the rules, right? Wait, so your theory is that Putin is-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4492.8s	4492.8	 This is a tin foil hat sacks theory. Tin foil hat sacks theory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4495.6s	4495.6	 So your theory is that Putin's escalating this into potentially a nuclear war to get Trump reelected?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4501.5s	4501.5	 That's your theory? And I'm the tin foil hat guy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4503.4s	4503.4	 Trump is favorable to him. I'm just tin foil hatting it. Now that this has occurred.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4509.2s	4509.2	 No, no, now that this has occurred, not that he did the-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4511.1s	4511.1	 You're the one in tin foil hat territory, my friend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4514.2s	4514.2	 You're the one in tin foil hat territory. Tin foil hat corner at the end.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4519.7s	4519.7	 Not that he started the war for it, that he would end the war to give Trump a win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4524.9s	4524.9	 How's he going to end the war for Trump? What are you talking about?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4527.3s	4527.3	 During the election, he does a call with Trump and he says, you know, I talked to Trump about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4532.9s	4532.9	 and I'd love to do some negotiations with Trump. I've always had appreciation for his ability to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4538.5s	4538.5	 help negotiate things. I would love, I would feel better about negotiating with Trump, who hasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4543.0s	4543.0	 saber rattled and told everybody in the world that I have to be, that there isn't regime change.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4548.0s	4548.0	 So, you know- I think it's really interesting how you come up with these conspiracy theories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4551.1s	4551.1	 and then attribute them to me and call me the tin foil hat guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4554.4s	4554.4	 It's a joke. It's literally a joke.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4556.6s	4556.6	 I know it's a joke. But you just said this is his silver bullet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4559.3s	4559.3	 No, it's a silver bullet. You said it's a silver bullet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4560.3s	4560.3	 If this war goes off the rails. Yeah, if this war goes off the rails and the economy goes off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4564.2s	4564.2	 the rails because of this war, Trump right now is positioning himself to take advantage of that fact.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4569.3s	4569.3	 And DeSantis is too, by the way- Plays right into his hand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4571.4s	4571.4	 DeSantis is a pacifist. DeSantis says some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4572.6s	4572.6	 critical things about the war. Skeptical, I would say, things about the war this week. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4575.9s	4575.9	 it's not just Trump. But look, the thing you have to understand about this war is it's existential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4579.9s	4579.9	 for Putin. It's existential at this point. He cannot back off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4584.0s	4584.0	 And it's extracurricular for us. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4588.0s	4588.0	 And that's why Obama said back in 2014 that the Russians have escalatory dominance. They will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4594.6s	4594.6	 always climb the escalatory ladder all the way up to nukes if they have to. And the sooner we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4598.4s	4598.4	 recognize that fact, the better off we're going to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4600.3s	4600.3	 I think the good news is that we are- Did you guys see that Trump speech that he did?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4603.2s	4603.2	 Where he kind of highlighted- I didn't see the speech. Was it good?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4606.6s	4606.6	 We just talked about it. It was two minutes. It was fabulous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4609.9s	4609.9	 Sachs just mentioned it. The crazy thing is it sounded a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4612.6s	4612.6	 like what we'll be talking on this podcast, which is he talked about all these generals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4616.1s	4616.1	 that retire from- Victoria Nuland.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4617.7s	4617.7	 He called out Victoria- He mentioned Victoria Nuland by name.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4619.5s	4619.5	 By name. By name. He really did put her on blast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4622.2s	4622.2	 Wait, explain to the audience this. Because I didn't see this because I'm on a different time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4625.3s	4625.3	 zone and it must have broken when I was asleep or schemed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4627.8s	4627.8	 Well, it's a two minute video in which he, like I said, he attacked the military industrial complex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4632.2s	4632.2	 and the foreign policy establishment for creating this war. And he mentioned Victoria Nuland by name.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4636.2s	4636.2	 Let me tell you something. Nuland is going to be-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4638.6s	4638.6	 It's going to be a very popular message. Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4640.6s	4640.6	 It is very popular. Nuland is the Fauci of this situation. Okay?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4645.2s	4645.2	 The same way that Fauci was supposed to be protecting us from viruses and then funded-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4650.5s	4650.5	 Get ready for some comments. Gain of function research.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4652.9s	4652.9	 Victoria Nuland- Geez, now we got a label.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4654.6s	4654.6	 Let me tell you something. He just got labeled COVID-19 misinformation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4658.3s	4658.3	 Victoria Nuland was supposed to be our chief diplomat with respect to Russia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4662.6s	4662.6	 and Eastern Europe. And what did she do instead? She ginned up this conflict.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4667.4s	4667.4	 How? Ginned up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4669.4s	4669.4	 We backed an insurrection in Ukraine in 2014. Jason, if you didn't like the insurrection of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4674.4s	4674.4	 January 6th, let me tell you, you aren't going to like the insurrection that she staged in Ukraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4679.7s	4679.7	 because they brought in these Ukrainian far right nationalists as the muscle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4683.4s	4683.4	 And that is what created all of these problems. Wait, did he also bring Big Macs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4687.3s	4687.3	 Did he bring Big Macs with him? Did you say he brought Big Macs to East Palestine?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4694.6s	4694.6	 He brought fast food to them? Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4696.5s	4696.5	 He showed up with Big Macs. You're ignoring what Sacks said, but no, no, I got it. I am not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4700.5s	4700.5	 disagreeing with him. I think forever wars have never been popular. If you want to understand,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4703.2s	4703.2	 Jason, you want to understand the roots of this conflict.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4704.4s	4704.4	 Jason, you need to understand- It's never been popular.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4706.0s	4706.0	 Nobody wants to be in a forever war. Yeah. Let me explain why he mentioned Victoria Nuland.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4710.6s	4710.6	 He mentioned her because she was the State Department official who was responsible for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4715.8s	4715.8	 backing this insurrection of a democratically elected leader in Ukraine in 2014 named
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4722.4s	4722.4	 Yanukovych. Yanukovych was doing a balancing act between Ukrainian nationalists and Russia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4730.2s	4730.2	 and it was a very delicate balancing act. And we basically toppled him. And ever since then,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4735.9s	4735.9	 the relations with the Russians over Ukraine have been headed south. If you're wondering why Putin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4741.0s	4741.0	 seized Crimea, it was in direct retaliation for the coup that we backed in Ukraine in 2014.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4747.0s	4747.0	 This is the origin of the conflict. And if you want to understand where this comes from,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4752.8s	4752.8	 you have to go back to this. And the fact that Trump's willing to talk about it is pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4755.8s	4755.8	 incredible. I think that the good news for us is I think that heading into June and the debt fiasco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4762.9s	4762.9	 that's looming, I think we're going to, and I think this will help a lot, get distracted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4768.2s	4768.2	 with domestic issues in the sense that it'll take some heat off of escalating all of this foreign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4775.9s	4775.9	 adventurism. You know, this is such a scene from Wag the Dog. Every time there's something inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4785.8s	4785.8	 the United States that we should really focus on, we have this Wag the Dog moment where we get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4791.0s	4791.0	 distracted by some adventurism abroad, and we forget and we lose sight. So we have this East
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4797.0s	4797.0	 Palestine thing right now. In June, we're going to have to come back to terms with this debt ceiling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4801.0s	4801.0	 issue, which is a huge one. How we're going to resolve it, it's not clear. Just this week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4807.5s	4807.5	 the Federal Reserve basically said, hey folks, we're taking rates to five and a half plus,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4811.8s	4811.8	 and they're going to stay there. That seems like no news. People just seem to digest it and move on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4818.5s	4818.5	 It's really incredible how we just find, we are like, what is it, Jason, the dog that chased the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4825.0s	4825.0	 bumper and caught the car or whatever? Yeah, you caught the bumper.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4829.4s	4829.4	 We've got plenty of big problems here in the United States, plenty of big problems. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4832.8s	4832.8	 don't know that Wag the Dog works anymore because I think the American people want, like I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4837.0s	4837.0	 they want an American president to focus first and foremost on American problems. And even remember,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4841.4s	4841.4	 Bush senior in 91 won that war and still lost reelection. Still lost. So I don't think Wag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4846.6s	4846.6	 and the Dog works anymore. It works for some short period of time, especially while the media are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4850.9s	4850.9	 portraying this- And to your point, by the way-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4853.3s	4853.3	 The air raid theater, but eventually the people smartened up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4856.3s	4856.3	 You're so right. So that issue, think about Bush. Bush came off of the Persian Gulf War with like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4861.3s	4861.3	 91 or 2% approval rating. I mean, we've never seen anything like it, but he violated a simple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4868.0s	4868.0	 tenet of his domestic policy, which is read my lips, no new taxes. Boom, lost. And it was not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4873.8s	4873.8	 even close in the end. So I think you're right. I think people really care about the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4880.6s	4880.6	 Go Nikki Haley. And do how much, how much debt do we want to go into over foreign wars?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4886.4s	4886.4	 The only thing I ever liked about Trump was his policy of not starting wars and not getting into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4891.6s	4891.6	 them. And Americans want to focus on our balance sheet. I'm a balance sheet voter right now. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4896.9s	4896.9	 voting based on who is going to be fiscally responsible. Me and Freeberger are in the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4901.9s	4901.9	 boat here, I think. We've got to be real careful in how we handle China, because you had Blinken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4905.5s	4905.5	 on all the Sunday shows, basically denouncing them, expressing outrage that they might support the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4910.2s	4910.2	 Russians, acting shocked, shocked that they could do that. We don't even have the ability anymore to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4915.1s	4915.1	 understand that other countries do things in their own interest. And we can't accept that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4921.1s	4921.1	 And instead we act as if foreign policy should be conducted according to this morality play that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4926.2s	4926.2	 we've created. And if you don't do what we think is right, then we're going to express all this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4931.0s	4931.0	 outrage and condemnation at you. And somehow that's going to get you to violate your own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4934.5s	4934.5	 interests. That's not the way the world works. And what we're doing right now, what we're doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4938.5s	4938.5	 right now is pushing China and Russia together into a new axis block. This is very foolish,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4945.5s	4945.5	 very foolish. Even during the Cold War, we worked to keep Russia and China apart. And whatever you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4952.8s	4952.8	 think of those regimes today, they were much worse back then. Remember, the Soviets, you had a Stalinist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4958.3s	4958.3	 regime, the Chinese had Mao. Those were the two of the three biggest mass murderers of the 20th
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4963.1s	4963.1	 century. And Nixon and Kissinger still went to China and shook Mao's hand and toasted him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4969.2s	4969.2	 because it was important to keep China and the Soviet Union divided. And what are we doing today?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4974.8s	4974.8	 We are basically pushing them together with all of this condemnation and outrage. It is not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4979.4s	4979.4	 smart strategy. Can't disagree. We need to be building bridges with India. That's a key,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4984.6s	4984.6	 key relationship. And China, I don't know why we're not figuring out what we have in common.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4989.1s	4989.1	 This is poisoning our relationship with India. India is the biggest democracy in the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4993.5s	4993.5	 And our relations with them have gone south since this war because they have a friendship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=4998.5s	4998.5	 with Russia that goes back a long way. I would rather see Biden go to India and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5001.3s	5001.3	 start building some bridges there. Yeah, I agree. I can't disagree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5005.1s	5005.1	 J.K., how's your fundraising going for Launch Fund Four?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5007.6s	5007.6	 Thanks for asking. That's a great question. You know, we're doing that public, 506C,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5012.4s	5012.4	 public fundraising thing. And so I did a bunch of webinars and without doing a single in-person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5017.4s	5017.4	 meeting, $51 million in requests came in just, you know, to a type form, basically a form online.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5024.9s	5024.9	 And now we're going to be starting in the next month after I get back from Japan, actually meeting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5029.9s	5029.9	 with the, you know, big LPs in the world and I want to make a trip to the Middle East and just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5034.3s	5034.3	 go all around the world and meet all the big funds. So thanks for asking. Yeah, I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5037.5s	5037.5	 gonna change everything. Yeah. Good for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5039.2s	5039.2	 Getting there. That's awesome. Can you imagine?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5041.6s	5041.6	 $52 million in commitments before actually doing the actual tour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5046.2s	5046.2	 That's awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5046.8s	5046.8	 Just out of the gate and my last one was 44. And so I think this 506C, like I can be public about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5052.1s	5052.1	 the fact that we're raising a fund. And so it's just absolutely amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5054.8s	5054.8	 Well, congrats. And I have one question for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5057.1s	5057.1	 Yes, go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5058.4s	5058.4	 Can you be replaced with an AI?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5060.3s	5060.3	 The world's greatest moderator? I mean, it's not going to make great jokes. Not for now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5064.2s	5064.2	 And oh, you know what? I had an interesting point about management fees in these funds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5068.1s	5068.1	 just to circle back. Did you know, this is what I heard, that benchmark during that worst vintage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5075.0s	5075.0	 after I think the great financial crisis, or maybe it was the dot com, it was either of those,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5079.8s	5079.8	 they took their management fees, because that fund was so challenged. They deployed the management
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5086.3s	5086.3	 fees into primary investing, or I'm sorry, into follow on investing on their winners,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5092.5s	5092.5	 to regain the results. Can you imagine in this market, a VC who deployed capital in 2020, 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5100.4s	5100.4	 saying, you know what, we've got these management fees, millions of dollars in the future,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5104.0s	5104.0	 to pay for managing these instead of taking that money. I'm going to put that into your into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5109.4s	5109.4	 companies for my launch fund three each month. I had a couple of opportunities. And I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5113.9s	5113.9	 you know what, I'm going to take some of the management fees and invest in some of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5117.5s	5117.5	 existing companies to try to goose the returns for my LPs. And so we're at 104% or 103% invested
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5125.2s	5125.2	 in the capital, just by just taking a couple of hundred grand off of the management fees. And I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5129.5s	5129.5	 like, well, this is a really interesting chat of you. Like, am I playing for the management fees?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5132.6s	5132.6	 Or am I playing for the Moic? I'm paying for the Moic, right? I mean, you should be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5137.0s	5137.0	 Jason, by the way, it's not true that the AI can't tell jokes. Our friend,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5141.5s	5141.5	 Bill Lee tweeted how the AI told a joke in the style of Jerry Seinfeld. Then he asked it to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5148.6s	5148.6	 tell a joke in the style of Dave Chappelle and it refused. So the AI can tell a joke if it wants to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5153.4s	5153.4	 It's racist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5154.4s	5154.4	 But no, only clean jokes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5157.1s	5157.1	 Oh, I see. It doesn't work blue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5158.8s	5158.8	 I guess. I don't think Dave Chappelle has to be blue, but it would not tell a joke about Dave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5167.8s	5167.8	 Chappelle. Wow. I mean, we've got to get Sam. He's an iconoclastic. Sam would be in the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5177.4s	5177.4	 our all in 52.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5179.0s	5179.0	 Well, by the way, actually, he's got a shot there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5181.6s	5181.6	 After our last episode in which we were raising concerns about the AI bias, they published a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5187.3s	5187.3	 blog post saying that the day after if bias has occurred, it is a bug, not a feature,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5193.0s	5193.0	 and they are trying to be even handed. So I'm glad they have announced that and that's their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5198.3s	5198.3	 standard and we're going to hold them to that standard. But I'm glad to see what they said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5202.5s	5202.5	 Like this. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I read the blog post. It seemed reasonable. It's great. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5207.1s	5207.1	 addressing it. And I also think they're now doing embedded citation. So somebody tweeted at me after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5212.9s	5212.9	 we had the whole discussion about credit. And when they were doing facts, they're now saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5218.4s	5218.4	 and they haven't been in knots about this yet. But they were saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5222.6s	5222.6	 according to this source, the following according to this source, so they're starting to source in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5227.5s	5227.5	 the copy that's being written. So that's a big step. And then I was talking to Adam D'Angelo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5233.1s	5233.1	 about Po, which is an amazing app, you should try it. I think it's the best one out there right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5236.6s	5236.6	 now of all the chats. Po is an app based on the core data set. And I asked a questions about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5242.1s	5242.1	 trip to Japan and the seco and this and that. And it was extraordinary how well done the answer was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5246.9s	5246.9	 with bullets. And then I asked him online, Hey, what about citations back to the original core
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5251.1s	5251.1	 questions? And he said, Yes, we're going to be adding that. So then I was thinking, Wow, if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5255.8s	5255.8	 add to the core corpus, and then they link back to your answer, that's awesome for me as a person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5262.0s	5262.0	 who's answered hundreds of questions on core to build my reputation. So I think core is, for me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5267.4s	5267.4	 I think core is the could be the Google I think core has got a better data set. And if they play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5272.3s	5272.3	 that right, I think they could be better than chat GPT. And they said you have to get permission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5277.7s	5277.7	 based on the core data set data set. Po will answer questions like the best answers on core.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5285.3s	5285.3	 Is that what you're saying? Yeah. That's kind of interesting is using core as the primary data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5291.0s	5291.0	 set. I'm sure it's using the rest of the web to and Wikipedia and everything. I think I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5295.2s	5295.2	 know why they're calling it Po. I think they should just do Quora chatbot or whatever. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5298.9s	5298.9	 but just try it. It's called Po download it. You can use it today. You want to know why I'm excited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5303.0s	5303.0	 about that? Because you got a little tasty pool. You got a little slice. I got a little slice of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5305.8s	5305.8	 Quora. Oh, good for you. Well, I mean, Quora was always like, are they ever going to make money? Or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5310.1s	5310.1	 are they just going to build this incredible data set and do nothing with it? Yeah. What did I say?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5314.3s	5314.3	 I said I said AI is going to be to the to basically SAS what mobile was to web one. Oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5320.5s	5320.5	 you'll either get disruptive or get turbocharged by it. It's going to be I think Quora is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5325.0s	5325.0	 number one player in AI going forward. I know that sounds crazy. But the fact that and I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5330.5s	5330.5	 Reddit also has this insane potential if Reddit had a chatbot because think about how many times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5335.2s	5335.2	 people do a search and YouTube is the other one where they say, what's the best sci fi movie of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5339.8s	5339.8	 the year or which directors make the best screenplays or whatever. And then they put the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5343.4s	5343.4	 word Reddit at the end where they put the word core at the end, where they put the word YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5347.3s	5347.3	 at the end to just narrow down the corpus of where to find the answer. Go ahead, Jamal. I've worked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5351.5s	5351.5	 with I've known D'Angelo for 17 years now. Smart Cat. He was the CTO of Facebook when I worked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5357.9s	5357.9	 there. The single smartest and best single smartest person I worked with. And then separately one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5365.5s	5365.5	 the most absolute genuinely best human beings in the world. Can we get him out? He does he doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5370.4s	5370.4	 is he not a good public speaker or something? Because I never hear him talk. I'd like to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5374.6s	5374.6	 him at all in summit. Maybe D'Angelo is just so superb on every dimension. We should get him on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5379.0s	5379.0	 actually just because I didn't know he was working in AI. He has a lot of interesting thoughts about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5383.9s	5383.9	 you know, social networking platforms and he's on the board of opening. Okay, really? Oh, get him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5389.8s	5389.8	 on the pot or maybe you own summit 2023. All right, everybody. He'll definitely make the anti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5393.6s	5393.6	 establishment list. Definitely anti establishment. Yeah. Okay. So for the Sultan of sneaking out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5399.4s	5399.4	 he left and the dictator. And what do you want to be referred to now? Passage is the piece
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5406.7s	5406.7	 pacifist piece maker. You are the saxophist. I'm the world's undisputed greatest moderator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5415.6s	5415.6	 on the number one podcast in the world for now until the AI replaces you. Yeah, I train the AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5420.8s	5420.8	 to replace your sacks. Ukraine, UK, and Ukraine. Biden, Biden, Biden. No, Nikki Halley. No, stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5426.0s	5426.0	 making Nikki Halley happen. The end. The data set has been done. All right, everybody. See you next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5430.5s	5430.5	 time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKshpRGOY0I&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=5&t=5460.5s	5460.5	 Oh, man.
