https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=0.0s	0.0	 You want to run a marathon at 57 years old? 52, 51, 52. I'll be honest, I miss you. Can you come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=8.8s	8.8	 back to the United States, please? I miss you. I miss you too. I mean, the poker game can't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=13.4s	13.4	 by definition, be as much fun if I'm not there. It plays at bigger states and it's more challenging,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=18.3s	18.3	 but it's not as much fun. There's not as much laughing. What's on the menu tonight for austerity?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=22.6s	22.6	 2023. The Amu's Bush is a Madeleine with like a terrine of foie gras. Fantastic. In honor of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=29.2s	29.2	 Freiburg. And then rutabaga, rutabaga salad, and then some duck thing, duck breast. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=35.0s	35.0	 I love duck. And then and then butterscotch panna cotta. Wow, that is great lineup. And you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=40.6s	40.6	 what? I like the idea. We're doing some poultry. Chef Sean is firing on all cylinders these days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=45.2s	45.2	 He feels very like engaged. He was very engaged. Yeah, he's kind of going for it. He's been on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=51.5s	51.5	 Yeah, that was quite nice the other day, Brad, because it's austerity measures. We had this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=56.1s	56.1	 incredible dish, and we're eating it. And then he said, caviar is on the bottom. And I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=63.3s	63.3	 so we just we don't put the caviar on top. They just put it on the bottom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=68.2s	68.2	 The market's down. That's Chema style austerity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=74.1s	74.1	 I'm not lying. Am I lying? Oh, my God. No, he did say guys, the caviar is on the bottom, not the top.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=86.1s	86.1	 All right, sax is here, everybody. So that means we have a quorum. Hopefully, the Sultan of Science,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=102.6s	102.6	 who is on Wall Street today, taking a company public. So congrats to our bestie Friedberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=109.7s	109.7	 Ding ding. He couldn't make it. He's at a dinner. So with us, the fifth Beatle, as it were,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=114.7s	114.7	 Brad Gerstner is here to talk all things macro. Welcome back to the pod. How's life been?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=120.2s	120.2	 Good to be back. A little doma arigato to Jason, as you eat your way through Japan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=126.3s	126.3	 Yes, I am on my culinary tour. I'll be back. Sunday, but I am having the time of my life here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=133.0s	133.0	 Are you running AdWords on your food blog? That's what it's come back to. I'm back to the weblog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=137.8s	137.8	 Zinc days. I'm just trying to make $2,600 a day. I noticed your TikTok got 22 likes. Yeah, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=144.2s	144.2	 I'm trying to figure out TikTok. I'm going to, you know, right as they shut it down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=148.2s	148.2	 that's when I'll figure it out. Well, that rev sure buy you another Japanese pancake or not?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=152.5s	152.5	 Those pancakes, man, are next level. The fluffy pancakes here. Everything actually with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=157.9s	157.9	 exchange rate coming to Japan is so affordable. It's nuts. And this is a crazy week because it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=164.2s	164.2	 a Tokyo marathon, but everything is so affordable. The people are amazing. It's the best country to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=168.8s	168.8	 visit in the world. I think for me, it's Italy, Spain. I mean, Italy's right up there too. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=174.3s	174.3	 I would say Japan is like, it's definitely top two or three. What do you love about it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=178.6s	178.6	 Best food. You know, I went there, I took the, I took the kids like five years ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=183.4s	183.4	 the older three at the time, but they were younger. And you know, there's, there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=188.3s	188.3	 negative birth rate in Japan. And so number one, when you have any kid, but frankly, multiple kids,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=195.1s	195.1	 the Japanese embrace you with so much love because they love seeing these big families.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=199.6s	199.6	 Yeah. They're unbelievably kind. We went to Kyoto, did the professor's walk, saw the cherry blossom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=205.6s	205.6	 festival, basically ate our way through Japan. That was my, that was my only vacation trip. I did,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=211.8s	211.8	 I've done like 10 or 12 trips for work. Once we, I went with Reid Hoffman and Reid set up this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=218.6s	218.6	 where we went through all these different parts of Tokyo and ate at this incredible sushi place.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=224.7s	224.7	 You have to go with somebody who can dial it in and have all the hookups.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=228.9s	228.9	 Brad, you spend much time in Tokyo and Japan? I haven't, I've been there only twice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=235.0s	235.0	 Then that was when I was poor and I stayed in a really small room and ate really shitty food.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=239.5s	239.5	 Oh, all right. So you're saying in 20, in 2022, when you became poor again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=243.7s	243.7	 okay, great. He's like Brad Kozir, he's like, oh, the Elmau Hotel, we have rooms. He's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=249.2s	249.2	 you're a hostile. All right. And with us, of course, the next department, what cabinet position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=256.0s	256.0	 you're going for, Sax? Where should we start floating here? Oh my God. Here you are with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=260.8s	260.8	 disinformation starting already. It's a compliment. Secretary of Staff is with us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=266.5s	266.5	 DeSantis had a pretty great article on the Wall Street Journal. Oh, really? I missed that. What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=270.2s	270.2	 is it? When they revoked the special administrative status for Disney, he wrote an article,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=275.4s	275.4	 I think it was Wednesday, Tuesday or Wednesday in the, in the Wall Street op-ed. What was his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=280.5s	280.5	 premise that they, it was a corporate or it's a culture? That wokeism is basically modern Marxism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=286.1s	286.1	 and we have to defeat it. This is his language, not mine at every turn. And Disney needs to just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=294.0s	294.0	 be business people and not feed the vocal minorities inside of their company, like every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=299.4s	299.4	 other company should. They should be subject to shareholder concerns that apply to the majority
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=304.6s	304.6	 of shareholders. Well, I think this is why I think DeSantis is doing well with the Republican base.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=311.0s	311.0	 And, you know, if you see polling of the Republican primary is he understands that it's not good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=315.1s	315.1	 enough just to have this sort of Reagan-esque, totally hands-off government approach because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=320.6s	320.6	 the radical left is advancing its agenda, not just legislatively, but through corporations, through ESG,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=326.8s	326.8	 really through taking over key private sector institutions. And so he's willing to use government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=332.3s	332.3	 to push back on that agenda on behalf of parents or on behalf of, you know, what he sees as the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=340.3s	340.3	 majority of the country. And so it's a very different approach than, you know, the Republican
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=344.3s	344.3	 party would have been 30 or 40 years ago. This is why, you know, in the parlance of the base,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=349.6s	349.6	 he understands what time it is. And what's required here is not, again, this totally laser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=355.4s	355.4	 fair approach, but rather a much more energetic, aggressive approach towards checking these bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=362.8s	362.8	 ideas wherever they come from. Yeah, he's not the only one. I don't know if you saw this week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=366.5s	366.5	 Bill Maher went on a bit of a press tour and he was on with Jake Tapper. And he made a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=371.7s	371.7	 interesting, I think, point about liberalism versus wokeism. And it was quite articulate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=377.8s	377.8	 you know, he's a pretty good observer of culture. He said they're kind of casting out the liberals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=382.6s	382.6	 in the party for this wokeism and the intolerant nature of the woke movement versus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=387.7s	387.7	 the liberal movement specifically under the lens of trans rights. But let's put that aside for now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=393.6s	393.6	 We got a full docket before we get into the culture wars and the presidential elections.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=397.6s	397.6	 Let's start with, we'll go private markets to public markets, because they obviously dovetail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=404.7s	404.7	 so nicely. Item one on the docket today, there is just a massive AI FOMO frenzy going on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=411.7s	411.7	 Economist published a piece this week about the insane fundraising in the generative AI space.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=418.0s	418.0	 This is stuff like chat GPT, stable diffusion, you've heard these names. And there are now 500
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=424.6s	424.6	 generative AI startups, according to this report that tracks with what I'm seeing in the early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=428.5s	428.5	 stage and not counting the open AI 10 Billy from Microsoft investment donation rev share, roundtrip,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=436.1s	436.1	 whatever that is. They have so far collectively raised more than $11 billion. The article
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=441.6s	441.6	 included this chart, which you can see if you're on our YouTube channel, and just tons of folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=448.5s	448.5	 working in audio image and text. So we're basically looking at the multimedia basically revolution of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=455.4s	455.4	 PCs in the 90s, occurring again, and a complete platform platform shift. Doug Leone from Sequoia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=463.6s	463.6	 one of the greatest investors in history of Silicon Valley had this to say and we will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=468.1s	468.1	 comment on the other side of this 52nd clip from Doug.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=471.9s	471.9	 I actually think that AI is the next platform shift in the same way that mobile was the one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=478.3s	478.3	 before internet was the one before. So I think AI is real. But I said earlier, we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=484.2s	484.2	 overestimate it in a short term, we're going to invest in everything in the same way that in 1999,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=489.2s	489.2	 in everything in the same way that in 1999, we invested in everything. But then Google came out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=495.6s	495.6	 of that, or Facebook came out of that. So I think you have to have a good head on your shoulder,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=502.2s	502.2	 where you don't practice FOMO, where you don't chase every company, AI is real, AI is the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=508.5s	508.5	 platform. But how do we not invest in everything that walks? How do we make certain investments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=514.9s	514.9	 based on market maps based on thought processes that are more rational, and not do every investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=522.5s	522.5	 just because every other venture firm is doing everything best.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=525.5s	525.5	 All right, Jamath, what do you think of this massive influx?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=528.0s	528.0	 I think it's important to think about what the incentives are. As Charlie Munger says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=534.0s	534.0	 show me the incentive and I'll show you the outcome. I posted it into our group chat credit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=539.0s	539.0	 sent all their private banking customers an offer, they are now offering 6.5% for a three month T bill,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=547.3s	547.3	 6.5%. And if you go back to what we talked about before, when the risk free rate is somewhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=558.2s	558.2	 north of five or five and a half percent, and banks are willing to give you six and a half percent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=564.4s	564.4	 in the short term, you have to generate more than three times that to make an investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=569.8s	569.8	 make sense when you're investing in the long term. So three month money is going to pay you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=574.0s	574.0	 six and a half or seven. If you're going to invest for 10, 15 years, which is what you need to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=578.6s	578.6	 typically for a startup, you need to get 20 to 25%. So there's going to be a lot of pressure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=588.6s	588.6	 for venture investors to put the money to work. Because otherwise, their LPs, their limited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=594.4s	594.4	 partners, the people that give them the money will have this attitude that goes somewhere along the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=599.6s	599.6	 following lines. Okay, I've committed to you. Why aren't you investing? Because otherwise,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=604.6s	604.6	 I can get paid six and a half percent on the front end. And so this is becoming very problematic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=609.1s	609.1	 What am I paying you for? What am I paying you 2% a year in management fee for? So I think what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=615.9s	615.9	 happens, unfortunately, is the opposite of what Doug says. I think good investors will try to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=621.8s	621.8	 follow Doug's feedback and advice. And the ones that have a track record of distributions of DPI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=628.6s	628.6	 can do more of it than not. But I think most people will be under pressure to deploy the capital. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=633.8s	633.8	 so the 500 odd companies, Jason, you mentioned, will get a lot of it, and it'll get torched,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=639.2s	639.2	 because most of them probably won't amount to much of anything in the short term, you will create
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=644.2s	644.2	 way too much correlation. And you will have zero time diversity, which as we've learned,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=649.6s	649.6	 is a recipe for terrible returns. Time diversity being, hey, you deployed all this web two capital,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=655.3s	655.3	 web three capital, sorry, crypto, whatever, in this very short period of time, you overpaid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=658.6s	658.6	 You need to spread. Let it on fire. Let it on fire. Brad, when you hear Chamath talk about this 6.5%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=664.8s	664.8	 and then you look at private markets, you invest across the lifecycle of companies. Obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=669.3s	669.3	 you're in some private companies we all know very well. Famously Snowflake, I think your biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=673.7s	673.7	 win ever. Correct me if I'm wrong, in terms of a private. How do you look at this when you're a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=680.4s	680.4	 steward of capital, public markets, private markets, and then just YOLO, just put it into,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=687.8s	687.8	 you know, some chart T-bills or bonds or whatever? I mean, first, let's just frame, right, the chart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=694.4s	694.4	 that you showed. I think you said, you know, X OpenAI, I don't know, something like 10 or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=699.0s	699.0	 11 billion dollars has been invested into some 500 AI companies. I mean, I happen to agree with Doug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=705.7s	705.7	 that this is a platform shift on the same magnitude as the internet or mobile itself. In fact, it may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=710.6s	710.6	 be bigger than both of those. But, you know, when I look at 10 or 11 billion dollars, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=720.3s	720.3	 let's put it in context, Metta is going to spend 20 billion in one year alone on AR-VR.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=726.8s	726.8	 And this is on an entire platform. So I don't know, I think whenever you have something as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=735.3s	735.3	 tectonic as mobile or internet, it deserves a lot of investment. And yes, it's going to be messy. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=741.0s	741.0	 yes, Chamath's right, the cost of capital, frankly, is limiting the amount of money going into these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=747.4s	747.4	 businesses already. So we see a lot of dry powder sitting on the sideline that's chasing new ideas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=755.1s	755.1	 I think one way to frame it as well is, think about in 2000, we all knew that the internet was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=761.4s	761.4	 going to be big. We may have been lucky enough to conclude that search was going to be big.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=766.2s	766.2	 But if you invest in Yahoo or Infoseek or AOL or Excite, you know, you tore it. All that money went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=773.8s	773.8	 to zero. Right. So now think about just these large language models, right, the foundation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=779.8s	779.8	 models which are driving and enabling all of it. Open AI. You've got open AI, you've got anthropic,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=785.3s	785.3	 you've got cohere, you've got character, you've got stability, you've got lambda.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=791.4s	791.4	 It is almost impossible to know with any certainty, much like it was with the search engines in 99, 2000,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=797.8s	797.8	 who's going to emerge, where the value capture is going to be. It may all end up with Microsoft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=802.3s	802.3	 and Google. I mean, this may end up looking like iOS and Android at the foundation model level.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=807.0s	807.0	 And so, you know, I think as investors, for example, on the foundation model side, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=812.6s	812.6	 it's very difficult to choose just one, particularly when the largest one is frankly captive and a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=818.8s	818.8	 proxy to Microsoft and they're capping your upside return. So like those are difficult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=824.2s	824.2	 investment decisions. That doesn't detract from the fact that I think it is as big as Doug suggests.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=831.6s	831.6	 And I do think there are going to be applications and tooling layer to come out of this that's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=836.2s	836.2	 to produce really big winners. I would say that we are spending an extraordinary amount of time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=842.9s	842.9	 in this space. We haven't made a lot of investments. I think you have to study,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=846.5s	846.5	 you have to get deep. I mean, Chamath certainly and I have been investing in this space for at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=851.1s	851.1	 least a decade, maybe 15 years. But don't underestimate that the transformer model really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=859.5s	859.5	 did change the game here and we're now producing impacts much larger.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=864.4s	864.4	 Aaron Powell Saks, last week you said Lab 3 and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=868.3s	868.3	 crypto didn't kind of stick with you. You didn't see the use cases and you in the first inning here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=874.6s	874.6	 or first at bat, you rattled off three or four really compelling use cases from summaries to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=880.9s	880.9	 you know, the assistant guide on your side concept. Is this a kin in your mind? Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=887.7s	887.7	 Brad just said it could be bigger than mobile, internet, mobile, AI revolution. If you were to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=893.4s	893.4	 look at those three, do you think it's bigger than actually mobile? And then we'll get into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=898.2s	898.2	 return profiles of 6.5% on cash versus what are VCs going to be able to do in this kind of market?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=903.3s	903.3	 Dave Korsunsky Yeah, I mean, so I agree with Brad and Doug that this is the next big platform shift,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=908.3s	908.3	 whether it's as big as mobile or it's more like social or cloud. I mean, those have been the big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=913.0s	913.0	 platform shifts over the last decade or two. And I think this is definitely on par with those.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=919.5s	919.5	 I think Brad's right, we don't know where the value capture is going to be. Maybe it just all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=922.7s	922.7	 ends up accreting to the big companies who can make massive investments in this space.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=927.4s	927.4	 You know, one difference between the internet ecosystem today and 20 years ago is you do have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=933.0s	933.0	 these giant companies who are not totally incompetent, right? I mean, they are, they do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=937.4s	937.4	 have lots of talented engineers. And, you know, like 20 years ago, you'd have company, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=942.4s	942.4	 the big companies would just sit on their hands in the face of a platform shift, and they'd just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=946.4s	946.4	 be sitting ducks who get disrupted. That's not going to happen today. That being said, I do think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=951.0s	951.0	 that any new platform shifts creates opportunities for startups. And it may not be efficient the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=958.1s	958.1	 that these options get pursued in the sense that yeah, Doug's right that there's going to be a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=962.9s	962.9	 of spray and pray. But I think that it is kind of efficient for the ecosystem as a whole, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=969.9s	969.9	 Because like any smart engineer with a half decent idea ends up getting funded. And out of all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=975.7s	975.7	 that, you get kind of a pre-Cambrian explosion where, you know, the ecosystem evolves a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=981.7s	981.7	 of different types of businesses. Most of them don't work. They get wiped out, they go extinct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=985.8s	985.8	 But there'll be some good things that get funded. So we're more like, I think, Doug and how we see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=990.9s	990.9	 it, we don't want to spray and pray, we want to be very selective. We want to put more money behind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=995.8s	995.8	 fewer opportunities that we think are better. And Doug Leone, you know, I think he generally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1001.4s	1001.4	 gives good advice of the tough love variety. And this is of a piece with that. And so I agree with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1006.6s	1006.6	 him. That being said, there is a certain value to the ecosystem and having all these seed funds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1012.2s	1012.2	 to spray and pray, right? Because this gets a lot of plants, a lot of flowers, and then you see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1016.3s	1016.3	 what blooms. I would say, yeah, to build on that, Sacks, this is a perfect inefficiency. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1022.6s	1022.6	 when you see it from the outside, you're like, well, this is super inefficient. Why so many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1025.8s	1025.8	 companies? If you free your mind and just say there are experiments, two or three person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1029.4s	1029.4	 experiments, 500K to a million and a half in that first stage when I invest right before you do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1034.2s	1034.2	 when you do your series A's at five or 10 million. Milestone-based funding is back in the tech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1040.7s	1040.7	 industry. And that was something, Chamath, that we lost for a little while there. People would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1044.8s	1044.8	 just come out and they would raise a series B out of the gate. No product market fit, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1049.6s	1049.6	 Now what we're seeing is people are raising that 12 to 18 months, they got their backs up against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1054.3s	1054.3	 the wall. Speaking of tough love, which you referenced, Sacks, that tough love of, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1059.4s	1059.4	 you have to hit the next milestone. What did you accomplish with the 1.5 million in order to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1064.2s	1064.2	 the 10 million in order to get the 30 million? That 500 is going to go 10X. There'll be 5,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1069.6s	1069.6	 of these startups, but it'll quickly whittle down, wouldn't it, Chamath, as people go through this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1074.0s	1074.0	 milestone-based funding system in Silicon Valley.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1077.7s	1077.7	 We haven't given enough time for a logical framework of investing to develop, which also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1082.4s	1082.4	 is tied to a logical framework for entrepreneurship to emerge. We're just way, way, way too early.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1089.1s	1089.1	 So the thing with all of these language models is that they are grist for the mill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1094.2s	1094.2	 And we talked about this before. If it was a highly proprietary asset, you would have never sold 49%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1102.2s	1102.2	 of it to Microsoft for $10 billion because you would assume that it was worth a trillion dollars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1107.0s	1107.0	 So it's a huge tell on the part of OpenAI. They're deep understanding, and they understand it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1112.9s	1112.9	 better than anybody else, that it's a bit of a capped upside. So what is uncapped, I guess,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1118.6s	1118.6	 is maybe the better question. Well, if you look at the 1849 gold rush as an example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1125.0s	1125.0	 the people panning for gold, in my opinion, are the people building language models today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1130.3s	1130.3	 They're going to come and they're going to go, but who's going to win? Well, the pick and shovel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1134.2s	1134.2	 providers won, Levi Strauss won. So what is the equivalent of that today? I think it's at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1140.3s	1140.3	 Silicon layer because you need to really re-architect how compute will actually work in a world of all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1146.5s	1146.5	 of these models. Those folks will get paid. If you look at AMD and Nvidia, they've been getting paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1151.4s	1151.4	 for years. They continue to get paid. They probably will continue to get paid even more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1157.2s	1157.2	 And so folks that actually take a step into doing something hard and difficult in AI, like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1163.6s	1163.6	 custom silicon, could get rewarded. And then there's what I call the white truffles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1168.8s	1168.8	 What are these unique ALBA white truffles? These singular sources of data that when used
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1176.9s	1176.9	 in reinforcement learning make your output just zinc. And that's where I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1186.3s	1186.3	 Facebook is an obvious white truffle. Quora is a white truffle, but there are a lot of startups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1191.2s	1191.2	 that could become white truffles if they gather enough data. And that's a pretty reasonable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1197.7s	1197.7	 framework. And so in that framework, if you apply it to today, there's way few silicon startups and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1204.1s	1204.1	 there's way few white truffles. Instead, it's everything is the baloney in the middle, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1208.2s	1208.2	 random people talking about some random model that's just going to, again, become highly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1212.1s	1212.1	 commoditized. You have to remember, all these models are open source and none of them mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1215.7s	1215.7	 anything in the absence of the data you give it to train on. 100%. Brad, hey.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1220.6s	1220.6	 Okay. Well, I want to add one other piece of news that we saw this week, which is OpenAI announced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1227.2s	1227.2	 that it's developer AI, they were cutting the tax on that, or basically the metered rate they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1232.1s	1232.1	 charged to use it by 90%. So I think this is going to be a game changer. I think this is based on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1240.3s	1240.3	 chat GPT 3.5 API. And of course, we're coming out with 4.0 later this year. I've already had-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1246.4s	1246.4	 Explain to the audience what an API is and why this is important for those people who don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1251.3s	1251.3	 This application programming interface, it allows a developer of some other application to build on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1256.5s	1256.5	 top of you. So in other words, like a developer wouldn't have to use this chat interface to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1262.5s	1262.5	 access to the large language model. You could just submit your request through the API. And so-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1267.6s	1267.6	 Give an example of what, of like a popular app and how they might use the chat GPT API.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1273.7s	1273.7	 So I think Notion actually had a demo that they published where-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1276.7s	1276.7	 Incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1277.6s	1277.6	 It was a pretty incredible demo. Maybe we can find it. And it would do things. They added actions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1283.4s	1283.4	 in the demo, like generate a task list. So you could take like a document or a meeting summary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1291.0s	1291.0	 and would spit out recommendations for next steps or tasks. It could spit out a table. Basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1297.4s	1297.4	 it's the autocomplete for everything that we talked about. So now Notion doesn't need to build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1301.6s	1301.6	 their own LLM expertise. They just use the API.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1305.3s	1305.3	 So when the Notion app, you say, hey, I'm building a marketing plan and you say, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1310.6s	1310.6	 okay, give me a list of things that should be on my marketing plan for my new app. It sends a signal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1315.9s	1315.9	 to the chat GPT API, which will be on Azure, Microsoft's platform. And then it gives you the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1319.9s	1319.9	 data back. You don't have to build the language model. Incredibly powerful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1323.3s	1323.3	 Notion has all the content that they need, but they don't have the AI expertise. So now they don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1328.1s	1328.1	 have to generate or create AI expertise in-house. They just use the API. It's really powerful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1334.6s	1334.6	 Just to finish the thought here, I think that one of the things that's probably misleading about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1338.8s	1338.8	 these stats around funding and that there's like almost 600 startups already, there are AI startups,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1345.0s	1345.0	 is that what happens when there's a new wave is that founders are smart, right? And they know how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1350.0s	1350.0	 to market themselves in the way that is most compelling to VCs. And they know that VCs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1355.7s	1355.7	 frankly, are a little bit lemming like in terms of their migration to the next wave and wanting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1359.8s	1359.8	 to glom on to the next big wave. So VCs are now looking for AI. If you're a founder and you build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1367.2s	1367.2	 one feature on top of the open AI API, now all of a sudden you're going to market yourself as an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1374.1s	1374.1	 AI company. You're not going to market yourself as just a SaaS company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1377.3s	1377.3	 And that's valid. Yeah. I mean, it could be gamed or it could be like a great pivot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1382.6s	1382.6	 Yeah. And it's not totally one or the other. I mean, it's just that if you have a plausible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1387.7s	1387.7	 connection to AI as a founder, you're going to start marketing yourself as an AI company. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1393.3s	1393.3	 so that's how all of a sudden you can have 600 of these companies that are all of a sudden out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1399.9s	1399.9	 there in the wake of this sort of chat GPT is I think a lot of companies are recategorizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1405.3s	1405.3	 themselves. I literally had this experience not three weeks ago, right before I went to Japan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1410.4s	1410.4	 serial founder and team that we've backed for that had an exit said, can I show you something?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1415.1s	1415.1	 I said, yeah, got on the zoom, showed me a little proof of concept using chat GPT. And he said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1422.6s	1422.6	 this is my idea. This is the vertical. And I just said, okay, what do you want? He said 500k for 10%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1427.4s	1427.4	 I said, okay, done. Great. Let's learn. And it's an easy bet for us to make because we know it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1432.6s	1432.6	 serial team for open AI, the way that it could become a trillion dollar company is actually by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1437.6s	1437.6	 cutting the cost to such a low degree that nobody else can effectively compete with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1442.5s	1442.5	 And then at that point, they can become a small, small, small tax. You'd rather just pay it than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1446.9s	1446.9	 try to compete with it. And I think for open AI, that's actually a very brilliant strategy. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1451.1s	1451.1	 that's how they, they could get to become very, very large in valuation would be to become so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1457.0s	1457.0	 pervasively relied upon. And where they take such a minuscule take rate of their participation in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1464.2s	1464.2	 you building a company that could be really effective for them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1466.7s	1466.7	 Like cloud computing, right? Like we're going to just take such a small tax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1469.6s	1469.6	 That's not a small tax. That's a large tax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1471.6s	1471.6	 That's the picks and shovels play in a way to create the developer ecosystem for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1475.8s	1475.8	 AI. And Jamal, to your point, I mean, I think you raise a good point that, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1479.8s	1479.8	 what was their motivation to take such a dilutive round, you know, the 10 billion at what was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1484.7s	1484.7	 evaluation at 30? 30. Yeah. And does that imply that they're not confident? I mean, the flip side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1489.8s	1489.8	 of it could be maybe they know they want to compete on the basis of rapidly, you know, becoming the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1495.9s	1495.9	 developer platform. And so they're going to subsidize that developer platform, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1500.6s	1500.6	 with negative gross margins for some period of time. And maybe that's why they need a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1504.3s	1504.3	 capital. And they were in kind of a reflexive loop of just cost of getting better versus the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1509.4s	1509.4	 amount of money they had to get better. And so maybe they were forced to do it. And then in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1513.8s	1513.8	 point, how would you justify it? You would say, well, the other 50% is still hugely valuable. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1518.4s	1518.4	 that's enough for us. And I think that that's, that's very logical as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1521.9s	1521.9	 Brad, you have your finger on the pulse of LPs, limited partners who back funds like Chamath's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1528.4s	1528.4	 Sachs's, mine and yours. We heard 6.5% on your money for no risk. Well, you and Chamath's position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1537.0s	1537.0	 is hey, you have to triple that if you want to be a private market investor. That's about 20%. 20%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1542.9s	1542.9	 rule of 72. That means every three and a half years, you got to double. If you're doing that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1547.0s	1547.0	 for a 10-year fund, you're looking at a 5X fund is kind of table stakes then I think just back in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1552.8s	1552.8	 the envelope math. What are LPs thinking right now? Are they looking at this world and saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1557.5s	1557.5	 I should just be all in cash? Or are they saying, yeah, everybody thinks we should be all be in cash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1562.2s	1562.2	 Therefore, there's not going to be enough money in private. Therefore, there's an opportunity there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1566.3s	1566.3	 We know the 6.5% rate, you know, that's not going to be here forever. It may be here for a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1571.5s	1571.5	 while, but we need to we need to keep investing in venture. Or are they just cutthroat about it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1576.4s	1576.4	 Like, let's pause venture investing, private market investing. It's a great question. First,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1580.2s	1580.2	 when I look at the three-year Treasury bill, it's like 4.7, not to quibble here. So I think Chamath's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1585.6s	1585.6	 getting a little goosey goosey on his 6.5. But the fact of the matter is, the goosey goosey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1595.8s	1595.8	 you're super special, your VIP JP. Maybe there's like some sort of like a bond rate that included
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1603.0s	1603.0	 corporates or something. I'm getting like 5.2 from Robin Hood on my Robin Hood account for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1606.9s	1606.9	 J trading. So it's what is in that? What is in that, Jason, they probably got some junk bonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1611.7s	1611.7	 and they're ripping you off. Whatever it is, I'm getting five points. It's not until you're not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1617.3s	1617.3	 you are until you're not 100% T bill parentheses and junk bond funds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1624.3s	1624.3	 Look at the fine print, Jacob, LPs have a 10 year view. They understand like most people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1632.2s	1632.2	 listen, if you look out at the 10 year, the reason the 10 year is, you know, that we have real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1639.2s	1639.2	 interest rates at about one and a half percent. So that's the 10 year less expected inflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1646.6s	1646.6	 When you look out is because people expect inflation to come down and they expect rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1650.8s	1650.8	 to come down. So if you were an LP and you said, I'm not going to invest in venture and the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1654.7s	1654.7	 two vintages, which may be the best two vintages we've seen in a long time because prices are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1660.0s	1660.0	 adjusting, etc. And I'm going to move it all into some rate bet. First, it's just very difficult to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1665.6s	1665.6	 do. They don't move their allocations around that quickly. Now a wealthy family as an LP could move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1672.3s	1672.3	 their allocations around really quickly. But if you're Texas or you're Ohio, or you're a sovereign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1677.1s	1677.1	 wealth fund, you're betting on the arc of value creation. I would say this, the consequence is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1682.8s	1682.8	 they're narrowing their aperture as to the venture funds they want to allocate capital to. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1688.0s	1688.0	 explain that unpack who they're narrowing the aperture to. We've talked a lot on this pod about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1694.4s	1694.4	 the power law. And the truth of the matter is whether we're talking about AI or software,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1699.9s	1699.9	 or anything else that you know, people are going to be funding, it's 10% of the investments that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1706.0s	1706.0	 are going to yield 90% of the returns. And so they're looking at that and saying, who are the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1712.7s	1712.7	 top 10 firms in Silicon Valley, I either want to get allocation to those firms who are seeing the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1717.4s	1717.4	 best deals converting the best deals and are selective like Sachs talked about, or we just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1721.9s	1721.9	 don't want to allocate. So I think, you know, what we saw over the last two years, Jason was an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1726.3s	1726.3	 explosion of new funds and explosion of new, you know, first time, second time funds. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1733.4s	1733.4	 subscale small funds with no DPI, they're going to find a really, really tough time to Chumas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1741.9s	1741.9	 point about DPI raising capital, you're going to see the scale player scale.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1746.6s	1746.6	 So part of that is clearing out the inventory from the last cycle. Two new stories this week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1753.1s	1753.1	 about companies, you know, maybe struggling. Sequoia got off the board of Citizen. If you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1759.3s	1759.3	 don't know Citizen, that's that app that tells you where crimes are happening in your city.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1762.7s	1762.7	 Very popular in San Francisco. It's literally goes off every 90 seconds. It's pretty dystopian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1769.0s	1769.0	 That company Citizen, which is a pretty cool app, has raised 130 million to date. Sequoia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1773.9s	1773.9	 led the series A in 2017. They did a pay to play around if you don't know what that is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1780.2s	1780.2	 Basically, if you don't invest, you get crammed down. How does the cram down work?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1783.8s	1783.8	 Well, your shares in the company went down 10 to one. And you probably got moved to common shares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1791.0s	1791.0	 as opposed to preferred, which has a series of protections, they get their money out first,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1794.5s	1794.5	 yada yada. But Sequoia refused to participate. According to this FT story, again, Sequoia did not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1802.7s	1802.7	 comment on this. It's it's kind of something you don't do as a VC when something goes bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1808.1s	1808.1	 at a company and you leave the board. You generally don't want to say bad things or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1812.4s	1812.4	 taint the company any more than leaving the board does. So a bunch of cram downs happening. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1819.4s	1819.4	 dovetailing with that Instacart, according to the Wall Street Journal, had a big Q4 as it prepares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1823.8s	1823.8	 to go public. Instacart, if you remember, we talked about it on the show cut its internal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1829.4s	1829.4	 valuation 75% last year from 39 billion to 10 billion, according to sources. Instacart's Q4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1838.7s	1838.7	 results, according to the Wall Street Journal, up more than 50%, even though order volume grew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1844.1s	1844.1	 only 16%. Why? They turn advertising on the app, just like Uber and Amazon, a lot of these commerce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1850.2s	1850.2	 firms, folks are building ad business inside of theirs. So what do you think about what's happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1859.0s	1859.0	 as we clear out this private? Anybody have thoughts on Instacart or the cram down rounds?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1863.9s	1863.9	 You can go either way with this and then we'll go to public.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1865.6s	1865.6	 I wouldn't focus too much on those two companies. I think we're going to see in the second half of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1869.1s	1869.1	 23 and all of 24 is a lot of medicine being taken, a lot of down rounds, a lot of structure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1875.8s	1875.8	 It's going to be a tale of two cities. The hot area, AI is going to continue to receive new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1880.7s	1880.7	 investment and all these companies that receive peak valuations in 2021 are going to have a day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1888.7s	1888.7	 of reckoning. Either if they're lucky, maybe they have a flat round or modestly up round,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1894.0s	1894.0	 but a lot of them are going to have down rounds or restructurings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1897.6s	1897.6	 This is going to be going on for the next year and a half.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1899.8s	1899.8	 What's your philosophy, Saxon, leaving aboard? This is a really dicey issue. When you give up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1903.6s	1903.6	 on a company, what's the best practice there? How do you do it without damaging the company?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1908.6s	1908.6	 Obviously, the founder relationship is going to be hard. What have you learned about this as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1913.2s	1913.2	 private market investor? Sometimes we flip board members internally at Kraft just because people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1920.4s	1920.4	 have different amounts of capacity. That's not a statement at all about the way Kraft feels about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1924.0s	1924.0	 the company. It's just a reflection of our individual bandwidths or whose expertise are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1928.4s	1928.4	 needed at that time. When the firm itself quits aboard, I think there's no way to read that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1935.1s	1935.1	 other than a statement of protest. I don't know what happened with that company, but it seems to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1939.9s	1939.9	 me that, again, it could be a sign that the venture firm isn't happy with the way that they're being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1947.8s	1947.8	 treated. The cram down, Chamath, that's a bitter pill to swallow. Why would founders do this cram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1954.4s	1954.4	 down instead of just adding a little more to the top? Is there a way to do this without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1961.8s	1961.8	 going scorched earth or poisoning the well, as it were? Again, putting this app and Sequoia aside,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1969.1s	1969.1	 this is happening all over the ecosystem. Is there a way to do this gracefully or is it just going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1973.4s	1973.4	 to be messy? I think it's going to be really messy. To state the obvious, no venture capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1981.7s	1981.7	 investor ever quits the board voluntarily of a great company that's doing well, that would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1987.2s	1987.2	 dumb. As David said, the proof is in the pudding there. At the same time, there are a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=1997.0s	1997.0	 companies who don't want to see the writing on the wall and will do all kinds of gymnastics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2007.2s	2007.2	 to try to stick a landing on a contorted financing. Sometimes those things have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2014.0s	2014.0	 real consequences to other investors who just don't think it's the right thing to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2018.0s	2018.0	 I wouldn't read too much into this except that good founders have a responsibility to do what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2025.1s	2025.1	 right for themselves and their employees, nobody else. The thing to keep in mind-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2030.3s	2030.3	 Not the investors, really?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2032.4s	2032.4	 I think you absolutely have to prioritize the people doing the actual work. If you actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2038.2s	2038.2	 did prioritize them, what you would probably say to yourself is, oh my gosh, there are people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2043.1s	2043.1	 I work with, who I look in the eye every day. Because investors you'll see once a quarter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2047.6s	2047.6	 I have my fellow employees as a founder that I look in the eyes every day who've been toiling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2052.9s	2052.9	 with me for umpteen hours a day every day for years and they are now totally underwater.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2062.0s	2062.0	 What is the right thing to do for them? I think if you just answer that question,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2066.6s	2066.6	 you wouldn't do all these contorted things. You would just reset the valuation. You would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2071.3s	2071.3	 refresh the equity pool. You would issue options back out to those employees and you would move on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2077.4s	2077.4	 Hmm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2078.6s	2078.6	 It's all these other things that get in the way of answering that simple,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2082.2s	2082.2	 simple question where people fuck it up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2085.4s	2085.4	 And I've done that before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2086.7s	2086.7	 Sacks, if you don't have a team and you don't have a motivated team, you have nothing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2090.6s	2090.6	 I've done that before. I don't want to rehash one of my more miserable experiences, but I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2095.1s	2095.1	 dealing with a company that had a grossly inflated valuation. It was a total problem case. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2100.2s	2100.2	 voluntarily slashed the valuation in half and reissued options to the employees to keep them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2104.6s	2104.6	 motivated. No big deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2106.6s	2106.6	 Yeah, exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2107.4s	2107.4	 And it's not that it's no big deal, but it requires some amount of fortitude and like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2114.0s	2114.0	 you know, understanding your priorities, I guess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2116.6s	2116.6	 Well, what do you think?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2118.3s	2118.3	 You know, like first, I think it's revealing that we think what happened here is so out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2124.8s	2124.8	 ordinary. I mean, you flash back to 2001 to 2004. Sequoia, I don't think funded a single
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2131.4s	2131.4	 loser in their portfolio. Right. Like that's a time where you walked away from the ones that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2136.3s	2136.3	 weren't winning and you fed the ones that were because you have limited capital and you don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2142.1s	2142.1	 know when you're going to raise your next capital. This idea that you have unlimited capital, you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2146.5s	2146.5	 give money to anybody no matter what they're doing with respect to their plan, I think is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2151.4s	2151.4	 function of the last 10 years. But to Chumas points, the idea of tough talk, you know, either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2158.1s	2158.1	 out of CEOs or out of board members has been in short supply in Silicon Valley. This idea that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2164.8s	2164.8	 saying the truth, just speaking the words about needing to get fit or needing to lower the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2169.1s	2169.1	 valuation that somehow that is founder unfriendly is nonsensical. The truth is founder friendly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2176.7s	2176.7	 by definition. And I think to Chumas point, the less complicated you make this, right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2183.2s	2183.2	 you reset the valuation, you re-up the option pool, and then everybody has a choice to make.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2188.0s	2188.0	 And if the people who are on the board and backing the company choose not to re-up for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2192.4s	2192.4	 whatever reason, they no longer believe in the path forward for the company that's incumbent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2196.1s	2196.1	 upon the founder to go find people who will. That's not abandonment as it's being framed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2200.4s	2200.4	 in this story. It is a trade. And I think maybe if you look at public market investors, Brad,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2206.7s	2206.7	 nobody gets upset by a trade. Trade's a trade. But in the private markets, there's a lot more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2211.8s	2211.8	 emotion involved, a lot more relationship material. And this founder friendly concept of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2217.4s	2217.4	 you're abandoning me. It's like, no, the trade here, it makes no sense for this firm and for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2222.2s	2222.2	 this fund and for these LPs, right? Well, sometimes the founder needs to have the courage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2228.8s	2228.8	 to look in the mirror and say, what I'm doing is not working. I had a plan. I missed the plan by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2234.2s	2234.2	 70%. I'm lighting capital on fire. This is a charity, not a business. It's best to say it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2240.2s	2240.2	 didn't work, shut it down and move on and do something else. Okay. So of course you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2244.1s	2244.1	 referencing Salesforce, so we'll pivot to that. I'm joking. It's not that bad. But I think this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2249.4s	2249.4	 a good time to maybe talk about the public markets and inflation and what we're seeing in macros.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2255.2s	2255.2	 So- Can I set up a question for Brad, actually? Sure. Go ahead. Yes. Yeah. So on a previous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2260.2s	2260.2	 podcast, I laid out my theory of how you could just use the two-year bond rate relative to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2266.6s	2266.6	 Fed funds rate to understand where the bond market's sort of prediction market about inflation is going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2274.3s	2274.3	 And a month ago, the two-year bond rate was at 4.1% relative to 4.5% Fed funds rates. In other words,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2281.7s	2281.7	 the bond market was betting that interest rates would go down between now and two years from now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2288.0s	2288.0	 relative to where the Fed had it. So therefore, it believed that inflation had been conquered.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2293.9s	2293.9	 Now, fast forward just one month later, and the two-year bond rates at about 4.9%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2300.2s	2300.2	 you know, the Fed funds rates about 4.5%. That is a massive swing, basically 80 basis point swing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2307.6s	2307.6	 in the, I guess, the two-year bond rate. And so the markets seem to be saying all of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2314.4s	2314.4	 not just that they expect rates to be higher longer, but also that the Fed needs to keep raising.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2320.3s	2320.3	 And that is a big change. So Brad, what is the basis for that? And what do we now believe about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2327.2s	2327.2	 inflation? I think just a few weeks ago, we were thinking that this problem was licked and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2332.1s	2332.1	 market took off like a rocket, it ripped. Now all of a sudden, it seems like investors are really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2337.2s	2337.2	 worried that inflation is not over. So where does this stand right now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2342.3s	2342.3	 Well, I think when we started the year, you know, the 10-year was close to 3.2%, we're now closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2348.6s	2348.6	 to 4%. The 10-2% is as negative as it's been in the last probably 10 years. So the market is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2356.8s	2356.8	 clearly saying, you know, we saw some inflation prints that came in hotter. I think it's now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2361.1s	2361.1	 consensus, which you guys have been saying on the pod, that, you know, although the second derivative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2367.4s	2367.4	 is slowing, it's sticky, right? We're going to get stuck at this 4, 4.5%, 3.5%. And it's the slope of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2374.9s	2374.9	 the curve downward is going to be slower. We've gone from thinking we're going to have 2.25s to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2379.8s	2379.8	 now thinking we'll have 3 or 4. You know, and so I think everybody is now bracing for more inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2386.6s	2386.6	 but remember, when we started the year on January 1st, the consensus wisdom was we were going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2391.4s	2391.4	 retest the S&P at 3,200. We're going to have an earnings recession and that inflation was going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2396.6s	2396.6	 to continue to run hotter. The only surprise in my mind so far this year is how well the equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2402.6s	2402.6	 markets have held up in the face of a 10-year that's gone parabolic, right? And an actual earnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2408.6s	2408.6	 recession. Right. And you, you know, you, you posted, you know, in our thread, Shamath, about just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2413.4s	2413.4	 quality of earnings. You know, even the earnings beats are pretty low quality. And so I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2418.9s	2418.9	 you know, we now are going to have a couple of inflation prints coming up over the course of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2424.4s	2424.4	 next couple of weeks that are going to be important. My hunch is, you know, everybody has tilted again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2430.8s	2430.8	 on, you know, what we saw in the last couple of prints. My suspicion, if you look at Morgan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2435.5s	2435.5	 Stanley and Goldman Sachs, the consensus view is that we're still heading in the direction of 4%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2442.1s	2442.1	 faster than I think people emotionally think. So I would say there's maximum uncertainty in the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2449.7s	2449.7	 The fear that inflation is uncapped the way Larry Summers was articulate in November and December
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2455.2s	2455.2	 is less today than it was. But what's emerged is this idea that we're going to have higher rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2461.0s	2461.0	 for longer, and we're going to have a higher inflation for longer. Now, the question I throw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2465.5s	2465.5	 back at you is the market abhors uncertainty. The market's done totally fine during periods where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2473.7s	2473.7	 we had 3% inflation and five and a half percent rates, right? When the internet boom that was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2480.8s	2480.8	 you know, 2000 to 2005 rates were a hell of a lot higher than the rates are today. So I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2487.8s	2487.8	 that higher rates and higher inflation means that we can't, you know, invest in venture backed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2493.4s	2493.4	 companies that have huge secular growth. The world doesn't end. But what I do think it means is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2499.3s	2499.3	 if there's massive uncertainty in the world, if allocators of capital don't know whether rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2505.8s	2505.8	 are going to double again, whether inflation is going to double again, then everything just shuts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2509.5s	2509.5	 down. And that's really bad for the economy. I don't see that happening right now. But I do think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2514.4s	2514.4	 that the prints over the course of the next eight weeks are going to be important.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2517.5s	2517.5	 Curt Jaimungal Chamath, you have any macro thoughts here? At the same time this is happening,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2522.4s	2522.4	 we saw rents broke in the last month. So rents got cheaper. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2526.1s	2526.1	 Chammath Lathipathy My governing principle, I think I've probably said it too many times,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2529.7s	2529.7	 but I'll say it again, rates are going to be higher than we like, and they'll stay here longer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2535.0s	2535.0	 than we want. So if you use that as a principle, whenever the consensus thinks we're done, it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2542.7s	2542.7	 been pretty profitable to be on the other side of consensus. And so I still kind of maintain that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2549.7s	2549.7	 we're probably going to have a five and a half percent Fed Funds rate, which means that, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2555.4s	2555.4	 know, maybe Credit Suisse will offer me seven and a half percent soon on three-month T-bills, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2559.1s	2559.1	 we're going to have higher rates. And I do think Brad's right though, in the sense that as long as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2563.8s	2563.8	 we know that then that's it and we can forecast it into the future without it changing too much,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2570.2s	2570.2	 it'll be okay. But right now what you're seeing is a lot of make believe going on in the stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2578.3s	2578.3	 market. So Nick, if you want to just throw up that image. So this is a really interesting-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2584.5s	2584.5	 This is the chart of cash flow versus earnings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2587.2s	2587.2	 Yeah. So this is something that I saw in Bloomberg, which I thought was really interesting. And if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2591.6s	2591.6	 you focus on the period of 2020 to 2024, what you see is the white line, which is net income,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2598.0s	2598.0	 adjusted for depreciation and amortization. And the blue line is cash flows from operations. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2603.4s	2603.4	 what does that mean? And this is for S&P 500 firms.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2608.2s	2608.2	 This is the best 500 companies in the world. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2611.0s	2611.0	 And the white line is what you tell Wall Street in terms of what you make on paper. The blue line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2619.1s	2619.1	 is what actually appears in the bank account. So why could there be a gap between what you tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2625.0s	2625.0	 somebody you made, I made a dollar versus what's in the bank, 50 cents? Well, the reason is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2630.5s	2630.5	 there's all kinds of accounting tricks that you can use, accruals, inventories, and all of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2637.3s	2637.3	 things allow you to present a healthier earnings report than is actually true. And so right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2646.1s	2646.1	 we have the worst earning situation. So the worst gap between what we are telling people versus what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2653.1s	2653.1	 is actually in the bank account that we've had for 30 years since 1990. And so it just brings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2659.5s	2659.5	 into focus the fact that we may be in the last few innings of trying to make sure this all looks okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2668.4s	2668.4	 in which case one faction of the investing world who thinks that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2674.5s	2674.5	 this earnings recession is actually at hand would be kind of right. And then what they would say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2680.4s	2680.4	 is that once we all realize that these earnings are fake, and you reset down 15%, that's where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2686.2s	2686.2	 you get to the mid 3000 in the S&P 500. Right now, it's around 4000. I don't know if that's true or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2692.8s	2692.8	 not. But there's more and more evidence that would support that the way that they see the world could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2700.0s	2700.0	 be credible. The other side says, Hey, listen, this is a bump in the road, we're getting a handle on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2706.7s	2706.7	 things. And it's stabilizing. So even though it's higher than we'd like, it's not going to change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2711.3s	2711.3	 that much. So now just think about 1015 years from now, and let's go. And those are the folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2716.3s	2716.3	 that want to rip the money into growth stocks and tech stocks again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2718.9s	2718.9	 How does the consumer play into all this record low unemployment, like it's 1% in Utah, three and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2724.4s	2724.4	 a half percent for the country, two and a half jobs for every American who's unemployed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2729.0s	2729.0	 And then these rents coming down. But consumers have seemed to have burned off all that extra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2734.3s	2734.3	 money they had. So Brad, when you look at the consumer driven economy that the world lives in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2740.0s	2740.0	 that's not true, because you have to understand stimulus is still entering the economy, it's just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2744.3s	2744.3	 harder to measure. So for example, take Social Security, you have cost of living adjustments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2748.9s	2748.9	 in Social Security, that's lifting payments by 10 and 15%, because it's backdated for what was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2753.8s	2753.8	 going on last year. And remember last year, we had 2345% inflation rates. So there is more and more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2761.5s	2761.5	 money coming into people's pockets that we don't realize. And we're all on the hook for that as US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2766.5s	2766.5	 taxpayers. So I think it's very dangerous to kind of look at one data point and try to pick off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2772.6s	2772.6	 what's happening in consumer land. Because there's all kinds of hidden ways in which money gets back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2777.3s	2777.3	 to people. Brad, you have thoughts on the consumer? Because, you know, I test it does seem like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2783.7s	2783.7	 consumers are still spending money. But the cost of goods in some cases is coming down. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2789.8s	2789.8	 how do you look at the consumer and try to make sense of what's going on here? Because it does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2793.4s	2793.4	 seem the United States is in its own little bubble here world of just over employment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2800.0s	2800.0	 Still, even though we're seeing these layoffs in 10. Well, I would say number one, that the pop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2805.8s	2805.8	 we've seen in rates, which impacts consumers by way of higher mortgages, higher variable expenses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2810.9s	2810.9	 on their credit cards was offset over the last few months by lower energy costs. So their cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2815.3s	2815.3	 gasoline went down. Add in the things that Chamath's talking about. And I'm not sure you took a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2820.4s	2820.4	 money out of people's pockets. I would say this that again, what we're talking about here, retail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2825.7s	2825.7	 sales have continued to do really well. Ecommerce sales in January were quite strong. That would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2833.1s	2833.1	 all be consistent with the soft landing. But here we are, you know, again, talking about macro, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2839.0s	2839.0	 think when you spend this much time talking about macro doing what we do, you know, like last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2844.2s	2844.2	 I'll be the first to raise my hand and say, you know, like our friend Bill Gurley would say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2848.2s	2848.2	 it leads you in the wrong direction. The fact of the matter is, it's totally unknown and unknowable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2853.1s	2853.1	 where we're going to go over the course of the next three or four months. I think there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2856.6s	2856.6	 better ability to predict maybe over the course of the next couple of years. But the fact is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2861.4s	2861.4	 if you would have told any, I was just with a bunch of investors, you probably represent a trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2867.0s	2867.0	 dollars of public market demand, 10 or so long only investors, if you would have told any of them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2872.4s	2872.4	 that the 10 year was going to be at 396, they would have told you that the NASDAQ would be down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2876.4s	2876.4	 10% to start the year. And it did just the opposite. So I think you got it, you know, you're,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2882.1s	2882.1	 you have a bunch better chance, particularly if you're playing at home, right, than trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2886.5s	2886.5	 guess the direction of that. Find five companies that you think are going to grow and earn more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2891.5s	2891.5	 money, irrespective of the direction of rates and inflation, own those and enjoy your life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2896.6s	2896.6	 I'm looking at the world and going, Sax, my Lord, I'm seeing great founders, great companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2903.4s	2903.4	 and five to $10 million valuations, and I can buy 510 15% of these companies. This feels like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2909.7s	2909.7	 best it's been for me as an angel investor seed investor seed fund for a long time. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2916.1s	2916.1	 fantastic. Great deal flow. The deals are taking six weeks to close. We're having very thoughtful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2922.2s	2922.2	 discussions. People are taking a real focused approach to how they deploy the capital. It is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2927.8s	2927.8	 not Yolo. People are building models again. People are showing their cack. They're being thoughtful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2932.9s	2932.9	 about how they spend the money. They're being thoughtful about salaries and hiring. So what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2939.6s	2939.6	 your you seem to think that, you know, what we're seeing here is challenging or a problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2945.8s	2945.8	 What are your thoughts on how it's affecting your day to day business as somebody who is a company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2951.0s	2951.0	 builder? Well, let's separate two things. So there's the tech ecosystem and there's the economy as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2956.2s	2956.2	 whole. The fact of the matter is that TechReady had its bubble in 2021. It had its crash in 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2963.5s	2963.5	 And now we're largely on the other side of that. There's still a lot of companies like we talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2967.2s	2967.2	 about that are going to need to restructure who raised during the bubble and may not have come to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2971.1s	2971.1	 grips with that. But if you're talking about new investment, new rounds, new companies are starting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2976.2s	2976.2	 with a clean sheet of paper and a blank slate. You're right. Things seem good and normal, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2981.8s	2981.8	 People are making intelligent investments. And obviously, the innovation cycle doesn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2987.1s	2987.1	 anything to do with the macro picture. I mean, technology wants to evolve and it's great engineers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2994.4s	2994.4	 and product people who drive those ideas forward. And they're not thinking about interest rates. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=2999.4s	2999.4	 never thought about the Fed funds rate at all when I was a founder running companies. So let's just put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3004.9s	3004.9	 that aside and acknowledge that great innovation is going to keep happening no matter what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3010.6s	3010.6	 macro picture looks like. That being said, I mean, just for the listeners of the show who aren't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3017.1s	3017.1	 startup founders, I tend to be a little bit gloomy about the macro picture right now because yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3022.8s	3022.8	 it's true that what Brad said that we've had good economies with 5% rates before. But I think you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3028.7s	3028.7	 also have to look at the pace of change or the rate at which the Fed funds rate has been going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3034.7s	3034.7	 up. And if you look at the chart of rate increases, it is a very steep chart of rate increases. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3043.0s	3043.0	 just think that for the last decade or so, we've been operating in this like zero interest rate or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3048.0s	3048.0	 ZERP environment with lots of monetary stimulus. And I think a lot of companies, a lot of parts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3055.8s	3055.8	 the economy got addicted to that stimulus. They got hooked on drugs. Now all of a sudden, you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3062.6s	3062.6	 putting them through withdrawal very, very quickly. And obviously, the withdrawal pangs are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3067.2s	3067.2	 be worse if you can't taper off slowly. So it looked like just a few weeks ago that the Fed was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3073.5s	3073.5	 done raising rates. Now we know that they're not. We don't really know when they're going to stop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3079.0s	3079.0	 So I tend to be a little bit gloomy with respect to the big macro picture because I just don't see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3086.6s	3086.6	 how you can change rates this fast. And I mean, you look at like real estate, for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3091.9s	3091.9	 we just saw the first year over year decrease in the housing market in a while. And again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3097.8s	3097.8	 that's all driven by rates, the cost of mortgages going up. And two big defaults and the first two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3103.3s	3103.3	 big defaults. Yeah. So I think that there's going to be some pain ahead. Now, you know, ironically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3109.8s	3109.8	 from the standpoint of the tech ecosystem, we may have already taken our medicine and we may already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3114.9s	3114.9	 be on the other side. It feels like actually that is a good way to look at as we took the medicine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3118.8s	3118.8	 It's painful and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3121.7s	3121.7	 maybe maybe that's the segue to talking about Benioff. I would say we haven't took it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3126.7s	3126.7	 we're taking it. We're starting to take our medicine. Well, it makes sense that Benny off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3132.2s	3132.2	 with his you know, very loving family kind of approach to running the company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3139.3s	3139.3	 might actually it might take him a little while to become a big cutthroat. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3144.0s	3144.0	 as everybody knows, Benioff and Salesforce have had a lot of turnover, a lot of senior executives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3151.0s	3151.0	 have left voluntary or involuntary. But shares were up 11% on Thursday after reporting their Q4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3158.5s	3158.5	 earnings, they're up 14% year over year, small net loss. But the company bought back $2.3 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3166.1s	3166.1	 worth of its stock, we're going to see more of that for sure. And they're going to be increasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3172.4s	3172.4	 its share buyback program to $20 billion going forward. And like Meta, which suddenly got fit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3180.2s	3180.2	 and got religion. Benny off is now basically with all these activists, I guess on on his ass, he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3189.6s	3189.6	 says, in this is the quote from the earnings call, we're more closely scrutinizing every dollar of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3195.0s	3195.0	 investment in resource and very focused on driving operational excellence and automation across our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3200.4s	3200.4	 business focusing on four key areas, short long term expense for structuring employee productivity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3205.4s	3205.4	 there it is, product innovation and building relationships with shareholders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3210.2s	3210.2	 profitability is our truly our number one strategy. And that's my number one strategy. That's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3215.8s	3215.8	 number one thing we talked about at the start of every meeting we have in this company, quite a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3221.6s	3221.6	 turnaround your thoughts, Brad, I don't think the story is that, you know, that Benny off,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3227.4s	3227.4	 you know, made these cuts and that activists are around the rim, what was significant was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3232.1s	3232.1	 his comments that he made, and I tweeted about it today, you know, he said, every CEO in Silicon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3238.3s	3238.3	 Valley has looked at what Elon Musk has done, and asked themselves, do they need to unleash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3244.9s	3244.9	 their own Elon within them? And, you know, listen, we've been talking about this for nine months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3251.3s	3251.3	 The reality is, if you look at the employee count at Salesforce, in 2015, they had 19,000 employees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3259.4s	3259.4	 As of last year, they had 80,000. In seven years, they for x the number of employees, they were a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3266.5s	3266.5	 mature company. By 2015, their employees cagered at 23%. You know, we don't talk about it in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3274.2s	3274.2	 way. But these large companies, these employee bases, they're not unions, but they may as well be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3281.0s	3281.0	 Right. Why would they be? I just think there's there is during this age of excess,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3288.3s	3288.3	 where it was just easy for people to hire more people and build more things, not to make tough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3293.4s	3293.4	 choices, etc. Right. We just had an explosion like we've never seen in Silicon Valley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3299.5s	3299.5	 in the number of employees in these businesses, meta went from 10,000 to 80, 85,000, Google went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3306.2s	3306.2	 to 185,000. And at those levels, it's very difficult to govern them. And when the CEOs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3314.9s	3314.9	 went to make decisions in the businesses, there would be protests, revolts within the business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3321.0s	3321.0	 30 or 40,000 people would sign petitions even say no, we're not going to the office. No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3326.2s	3326.2	 we're not going to work three days a week. No, you can't name our AI bot, what you want to name it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3332.4s	3332.4	 because it offends us. And so to me, what's more significant is over the last six months,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3339.4s	3339.4	 we've seen courage gain momentum in Silicon Valley. Right. What's deeply underappreciated about meta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3347.8s	3347.8	 and the changes they made, it would be one thing if it was just window dressing, we cut 10% of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3352.2s	3352.2	 workforce kind of tighten our better belt a little bit. But Zuckerberg got on his call, and he said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3357.6s	3357.6	 we only have two priorities in 2023. One is efficiency. And he went into depth about once
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3364.6s	3364.6	 they started cutting people, how the company got faster, the product release cycle sped up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3370.2s	3370.2	 the employees got happier. And now it's an end in itself to delay or the business. That's what we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3376.9s	3376.9	 hearing out of Benioff as well. And I think it's, you know, people can quibble with how Elon went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3384.3s	3384.3	 about the change which you and you and David are very familiar with at Twitter. But the reality is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3391.4s	3391.4	 he lit a fuse in Silicon Valley that is giving courage. I want whether it's private companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3397.2s	3397.2	 series B companies, pre IPO companies, public companies, I've had that conversation more times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3404.6s	3404.6	 than you can imagine over the course of the last six months. And I think it's a really important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3409.0s	3409.0	 change, because I think it breathes new productivity into all these businesses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3413.5s	3413.5	 And importantly, it unleashes these engineers back into the ecosystem to start the next wave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3419.4s	3419.4	 of companies. Yeah, so Jason, I mean, you and I got to tag along with Elon during that transition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3424.2s	3424.2	 phase at Twitter. And the thing that I took away from it was just how much agency, you know, CEOs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3432.4s	3432.4	 have that they're not using. I mean, Elon went in there and he basically changed whatever he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3439.0s	3439.0	 saw that he didn't like. I mean, unsentimentally and quickly. And, you know, and so you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3445.9s	3445.9	 all these other companies, you talk to CEOs sometimes, and they act like they're prisoners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3450.5s	3450.5	 of their companies. Like, I can't change this, I can't change that. Yeah, it's like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3456.2s	3456.2	 I've got all these employees and all these layers and but I can't, you know, there's always some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3460.3s	3460.3	 reason I'm afraid of the bad PR or, you know, whatever it is. And I you know, the thing I came
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3465.9s	3465.9	 away realizing is just how much agency, particularly founder CEOs have that they just don't use, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3473.4s	3473.4	 know, they're always like hemming and hawing and wringing their hands and acting like they're tied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3477.4s	3477.4	 down by this or that. And the reality is they can do whatever they want just about, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3482.9s	3482.9	 within the bounds of what's what's legal. And, and I think they're starting to realize, oh, wait a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3488.6s	3488.6	 second, like, I actually can do that. You know, I can walk into my company one day. And if there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3492.8s	3492.8	 a team that's not performing, that's giving me answers that don't make any sense, I can start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3497.5s	3497.5	 over. I'm just gonna start over. Yeah, reboot. I mean, if you can't get it done, then we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3502.9s	3502.9	 to have somebody who can do it. And it's, it's incredible. Like we were doing an analysis on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3508.9s	3508.9	 this week in startups of the, you know, employees per company and the revenue per employee per head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3514.8s	3514.8	 count. And I got roasted for having this call, even having this conversation. And now here we are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3520.3s	3520.3	 Chamath, people are looking at efficiency, we're looking at, you know, really, how efficient can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3527.0s	3527.0	 these companies be run? Is there a limit to where this is going? And if we were to look at this as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3533.8s	3533.8	 a process, where are the fangs, the Amazons, the Googles, Facebook's, where are they at in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3539.8s	3539.8	 percentage to being at Elon, if you if you were to put Twitter and Elon as the goal, where are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3549.1s	3549.1	 these companies? And I don't know that that is the goal. Maybe maybe he's cut too much. Who knows?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3552.4s	3552.4	 We'll find out. I think it's a it's a it's a pretty radical experiment experiment he's doing there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3556.8s	3556.8	 Yeah, I don't think that's a reasonable or an achievable goal for a public company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3563.7s	3563.7	 I mean, I think the thing we have to keep in mind is Elon's also capable of doing that because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3568.4s	3568.4	 he paid $44 billion of his own money to buy something that he owns outright, that no longer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3573.5s	3573.5	 has revenue pressure to outside stakeholders, different circumstance, revenue went down 70%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3579.7s	3579.7	 at Twitter, well, that only affects him and his ability to pay whatever he borrowed in order to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3585.0s	3585.0	 buy that company. And as long as he's willing to fund that somehow, he's literally allowed to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3589.7s	3589.7	 whatever he wants. That's no longer the case when you're borrowing money from other people to build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3595.0s	3595.0	 your business, which is what every other capital market participant does, public market participant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3600.5s	3600.5	 does and private market participant. So I think that that distinction is just a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3604.6s	3604.6	 important because it probably means that there is a shadow of what Elon is doing, that's probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3611.0s	3611.0	 the threshold of what's possible. And it's probably, you know, sort of 50% headcount reduction,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3617.8s	3617.8	 that's probably the, the bound in which things break. Because I think the thing to keep in mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3625.3s	3625.3	 is that over time, this stuff is like collagen in the body, it just like, it creates these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3632.2s	3632.2	 interconnected webs of just very difficult stuff that you sin you that you cannot tease apart.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3638.2s	3638.2	 Blockages.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3639.4s	3639.4	 So even if you tried to go in and cut 50% of a company like Facebook or Google or Microsoft or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3646.6s	3646.6	 Apple or Amazon, it would be so difficult, because all of a sudden, the coordination that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3652.2s	3652.2	 happens at that scale, I think would get lost. So I'm not sure if it's possible, you kind of have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3658.0s	3658.0	 to do what they're doing, which is cut 5%, then cut 10%, then cut 5%, then cut 5%. And I know it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3664.5s	3664.5	 frustrates people on the outside looking in, but I think it's the, it's probably the only way it can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3669.1s	3669.1	 be done without torpedoing the company. What does that do on a culture basis then, because that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3674.8s	3674.8	 the big critique, hey, you're creating now this culture of fear, I guess the opposite of that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3678.6s	3678.6	 you're creating a culture of performance and expectation. So how do you think about it on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3682.2s	3682.2	 culture basis, because that keeps coming up from founders to David's point?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3685.7s	3685.7	 It depends, because I think companies when they're smaller, I mean, I can tell you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3690.8s	3690.8	 when I was a part of the Facebook senior management team, we would rank all the employees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3697.9s	3697.9	 So we had a very good sense of who was the best and the most performant all the way down to who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3702.2s	3702.2	 was not. And we were able to do that, probably up to two or 3000 employees. That's not possible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3708.1s	3708.1	 at 50,000. And nor is it fair. So because you don't know who these folks are, the real contributors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3714.2s	3714.2	 are, you have to do what Elon did, which is literally go person to person and say, who is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3719.8s	3719.8	 unbelievably performant or critical. Yeah. In the absence of doing that, you just don't know who to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3727.4s	3727.4	 let go. And so you have no choice except to bleed down the question that I have, and Brad, maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3732.2s	3732.2	 there's a smart analyst on your team that can do it is right. And it's more of a statement as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3736.8s	3736.8	 Can you imagine the totality of stock based comp that's been given out by all these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3742.8s	3742.8	 since 2015, when they were cagering their employee bases by 25% a year, I bet you it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3751.1s	3751.1	 a trillion and a half dollars at least. You think it's that you think it's in that order magnitude?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3756.6s	3756.6	 100% This has been the greatest grift in the history of Silicon Valley, for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3762.1s	3762.1	 Let's pause for a second. Can you explain what we're talking about here? Stock based compensation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3766.0s	3766.0	 obviously is the stock given to employees. It's generally not counted. Well, let's do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3772.0s	3772.0	 Let's do it this way. Let's just say that you believe in capitalism. Okay. Yep. So if you if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3777.4s	3777.4	 you believe in capitalism, let's say the the four of us start a company, and there's a dollar of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3783.5s	3783.5	 profit and we each own 25% of the company. Got it. Normally, what you would say is each of us get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3791.3s	3791.3	 25 cents. Right? Reasonable. We own 25% each there's a dollar profit we each have 20. So that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3798.2s	3798.2	 means that in four years, right, we each will have made $1. Because so let's just say it costs $1 to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3802.6s	3802.6	 get off the ground or $4 to get off the ground. All in summit budget. We all would have been made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3808.0s	3808.0	 whole we all would feel great. And then now every year afterwards, that 25 cents we get his profit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3813.1s	3813.1	 Now let's say that Jason, you add a fifth person. And Brad and David and I can't say anything about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3820.0s	3820.0	 it. Okay. And that fifth person now gets a fifth of it. Right. And so now all of a sudden our 25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3827.1s	3827.1	 cents goes down to 20 cents. Then let's say you add five more people now all of a sudden, our 25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3833.2s	3833.2	 cents went to 20. And then it went to 10 cents. Yeah. And at some point, Brad and David and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3840.9s	3840.9	 raise our hand and say, Hey, this is not the deal we signed up for. And you say, well, too bad,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3846.3s	3846.3	 because revenue would not be what it is. And profits would not be what it is without these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3851.9s	3851.9	 extra six people. And that's effectively what everybody debates when they own a stock, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3857.8s	3857.8	 shareholders want that number to be as small as possible. And I think what Brad is observing is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3866.3s	3866.3	 that in Silicon Valley, what has happened is there's been poor accountability for what all of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3871.5s	3871.5	 extra people do. And profits haven't risen fast enough to make the existing three people on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3878.7s	3878.7	 cap table feel okay about it. And that instead of talking about three people and six and a dollar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3885.5s	3885.5	 you're talking about trillions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of extra shareholders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3890.7s	3890.7	 Brad, millions of extra shareholders. And then we have some charts here so we can do some fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3894.8s	3894.8	 with numbers. I think taking a step back, I think it's very important to realize that stock as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3901.4s	3901.4	 a form of compensation to create alignment, excitement in the early stage of venture capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3907.8s	3907.8	 is part of the true magic of Silicon Valley. You know, you're starting a company, you ask somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3913.1s	3913.1	 to go on this adventure, take a bunch of risks. They often have to cut their pay, they could get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3917.6s	3917.6	 at Google by half to join your adventure. It's only fair that you give them stock in the company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3922.9s	3922.9	 and they share the ups and if the company smokes it, they get rich for taking that incremental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3928.7s	3928.7	 risk on their behalf and on their family's behalf. What's happened over the last 15 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3934.8s	3934.8	 is something totally different, which is this stock as a form of early stage compensation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3942.3s	3942.3	 continued. And there's a feature in Silicon Valley as companies came public, one way to kind of hide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3952.4s	3952.4	 an expense in a business is to bury it in SBC. So let's say Google wanted to hire somebody for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3958.6s	3958.6	 $4 million, which they're doing today in AI. But instead of paying them $4 million in cash,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3964.8s	3964.8	 which would all count against their operating profit, they give them $500,000 in cash and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3970.7s	3970.7	 $3.5 million in stock. And let's say they make all that stock vestible immediately, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3976.2s	3976.2	 in this year. It's obvious to you and I that's just cash. The person turns around and sells it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3981.3s	3981.3	 It's a real expense to the business, real expense to the shareholders. But when they report their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3985.7s	3985.7	 earnings, and they report adjusted EBITDA, they adjust out the $3.5 million that they gave by way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=3992.6s	3992.6	 of SBC. Why did stock based comp SBC get excluded from accounting? What is the history of that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4000.5s	4000.5	 And is that going to change now? Are people going to say and shareholders demand in this new economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4005.9s	4005.9	 in this new, you know, sort of reality, hey, you know what, you can't play fun with numbers here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4011.0s	4011.0	 stock based comp has to come out? What would you like to see, Brad?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4014.6s	4014.6	 It's fairly esoteric. But there back in the mid 2000s 2004 2005, there was an accounting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4021.3s	4021.3	 there was a big debate about this. Warren Buffett was famously saying, Listen, it doesn't matter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4026.3s	4026.3	 whether you pay in stock, whether you pay in cash, whether you pay in cans of beers, like it all costs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4032.6s	4032.6	 the same. He's right. And so there was a debate, we had a statement and accounting statement, FASB 123.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4040.8s	4040.8	 And in that statement, it said gap EBITDA must include the cost of stock based compensation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4048.3s	4048.3	 So all of a sudden, if I'm reporting gap EBITDA, I got to include the cost of stock comp, which it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4052.8s	4052.8	 does today. But what but but but but what did everybody do? But what happened? They started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4060.9s	4060.9	 adjusting it out. Right? Because they said, Hey, this is a real expense. Right? Because we're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4067.4s	4067.4	 it's not cash. We're giving out the door. So did they come up with a term for this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4077.8s	4077.8	 The crime here is that when rates fell to zero, and everybody was making money on tech stocks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4085.6s	4085.6	 nobody wanted to rock this boat. And everybody just said, you know, like adjusted EBITDA kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4091.1s	4091.1	 of ignored, I can, I can model it into my future dilution. So we model a share account over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4097.2s	4097.2	 course of the next three years. But this literally over the last five years, went parabolic. Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4104.4s	4104.4	 I just shared with you the number of employees exploded, the amount of share based compensation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4110.3s	4110.3	 exploded. I think it's a competition for those employees, we would base I think just reported
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4115.4s	4115.4	 SBC, which hold your hat, socks was 70% of revenue, not 70% of their earnings,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4125.4s	4125.4	 70% of their revenue. Just for Coinbase we're talking about here. That's for Coinbase. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4131.4s	4131.4	 so you know, last week, there was something that I thought was pretty brave. Booking.com on their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4137.6s	4137.6	 earnings call really called this out. And what they said is, listen, we've been playing by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4145.4s	4145.4	 rules. We understand that stock based comp is cash. And they say every every metric we report
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4153.7s	4153.7	 includes the impact of stock based compensation. And if you look over the last 15 years, if I'm an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4159.7s	4159.7	 owner of booking.com, I was only diluted by about 5%. If I was an owner of Salesforce or Expedia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4168.7s	4168.7	 I was diluted by about 25%. That's 25% of my ups were given away. Right. But yet those things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4178.0s	4178.0	 were adjusted out when they reported earnings. And so, you know, what's become in vogue today is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4184.6s	4184.6	 CFOs get on their calls, and they said, No, no, no, no, don't worry, we're going to buy back a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4189.0s	4189.0	 of shares. So we won't have much dilution. Okay. But if you take my 2 billion of profits that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4196.1s	4196.1	 Chema just talked about, and it goes right out the door, just to buy back the shares you just issued,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4201.8s	4201.8	 you're effectively round tripping that money, then it just proves the point. It's cash. It's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4207.0s	4207.0	 expense to shareholders. And my biggest problem with it is it's led to the bloat. Because if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4215.3s	4215.3	 companies actually had to account for this as cash, right, as opposed to being able to do it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4222.6s	4222.6	 they wouldn't hire as many people, they wouldn't pay as much in stock comp. And I'll end with this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4228.6s	4228.6	 because I want to end with the solution. Every comp committee on every board, frankly, their heads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4235.9s	4235.9	 spin when you start talking about this subject, they bring in a comp consultant. And the comp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4242.0s	4242.0	 consultant is really the CYA for the comp committee. Because they want to approve a comp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4248.3s	4248.3	 plan that's been recommended by the management team. And they just want to know is this what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4252.0s	4252.0	 everybody else is doing? Okay, so everybody's doing it. So the comp consultant looks around says, Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4258.5s	4258.5	 all your peers are doing this. This is why Charlie Munger said I'd rather throw a pit viper down the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4263.9s	4263.9	 front of my shirt than hire a comp consultant. Right? What is going on on these comp committees?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4269.5s	4269.5	 If you give bonuses to anybody in your business that are that is based on an adjusted EBITDA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4276.4s	4276.4	 metric, rather than free cash flow per share per share is the key here. It's negligence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4284.8s	4284.8	 It's negligence. So if comp committees just walk in and they say the gold standard as a public company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4291.0s	4291.0	 is 50 basis points, annual dilution, that's Apple, that's booking.com, Beeson, MasterCard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4296.9s	4296.9	 or even below that. That's the gold standard once you're in the public markets, and we will never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4302.8s	4302.8	 incentivize our employees on the basis of anything that excludes stock comp. And it has to be on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4310.2s	4310.2	 per share basis, that would be a massive leap forward for public company accounts. Seems reasonable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4315.4s	4315.4	 Anybody have any other thoughts on that stock based comp? No. All right, Saks, where do you want to go?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4320.5s	4320.5	 You want to go Fox? I'm willing to do Fox. Let's do Fox. I mean, Fox is kind of crazy. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4325.4s	4325.4	 so Rupert Murdoch had been deposed here with this Dominion voting system lawsuit. They're suing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4332.7s	4332.7	 Fox for 1.6 billion in damages over claims made on air that we all know around technology enabled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4340.6s	4340.6	 election fraud. We remember this wild period at the end of the last election cycle with this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4346.2s	4346.2	 incredibly false claim that the election was stolen. Something, you know, both sides of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4352.0s	4352.0	 aisle said did not happen. However, it seems that the hosts on Fox knew it wasn't happening,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4359.9s	4359.9	 knew it wasn't true, but were engaging in entertainment of allowing these people to come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4365.4s	4365.4	 on air and say the election was stolen. So Murdoch said, I would have liked us to be stronger in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4372.5s	4372.5	 denouncing it in hindsight. And when asked if he could have stopped the host from highlighting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4378.8s	4378.8	 these false allegations on air that were obvious to everybody. He said I could have, but I didn't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4383.3s	4383.3	 He said the truth. He's not allowed to lie in court. Yeah. Just on air, but not in court.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4388.3s	4388.3	 I mean, Saks, to be fair, like you really care about freedom of speech. You really care about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4394.5s	4394.5	 the libel laws. You really care about the GOP. Obviously, you bring it up every week here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4400.2s	4400.2	 So when you looked at, but you were very clear, you were not happy about the election denial,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4406.8s	4406.8	 all that like false claims that Trump made and these insane people he put around himself. So how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4411.0s	4411.0	 do you look at these Fox hosts and listen, you've been on Tucker and other things, knowingly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4417.2s	4417.2	 spreading lies about something as important as the election and then doing it in the most cynical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4424.8s	4424.8	 ways. We sit here and every week we roast the media, the mainstream media. You particularly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4429.5s	4429.5	 go after the Dems and the left and the media elites. How do you feel about these media elites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4434.3s	4434.3	 who are part of the GOP machine lying incessantly about something as important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4441.2s	4441.2	 as the election integrity of the United States of America?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4444.9s	4444.9	 First of all, you're trying to tee this up as some giant dunk on me, Jay Kal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4448.3s	4448.3	 No, I'm not. No, I'm not. You said from the beginning. I need to remind the audience.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4451.7s	4451.7	 You didn't believe in this. Exactly. Let's go back to November of 2020 on this show,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4456.6s	4456.6	 because there may be a lot of parts of the audience that weren't watching back then.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4460.5s	4460.5	 I was really clear that I said Sidney Powell and Lynn Wood and Rudy Giuliani. I thought they were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4468.0s	4468.0	 wackos and this whole idea that the Dominion voting machines had somehow been rigged and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4473.8s	4473.8	 somehow it involved Hugo Chavez was a wild conspiracy theory. So I said at the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4478.2s	4478.2	 100%. And I also said that I thought that once the Supreme Court denied Sertiari a Trump,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4485.4s	4485.4	 I said that he had his right to have his day in court and to challenge the election in court.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4490.9s	4490.9	 But once that the court threw out his claims and the Supreme Court denied Sertiari, that whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4496.4s	4496.4	 thing needed to stop. And it didn't stop. And that's why the Republicans lost that Purdue runoff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4501.7s	4501.7	 seat in Georgia on January 5th and then you had January 6th. So I've been warning against this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4506.8s	4506.8	 for a long time, Jay Kal. Now, with respect to Fox, I think you need to basically get a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4512.2s	4512.2	 bit more nuanced in what you're saying there. Because I think within Fox, there were actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4516.5s	4516.5	 two groups of hosts. So there is one group of hosts that I think you could say were Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4522.0s	4522.0	 loyalists. And they basically not only platformed the Sidney Powell lies, but also endorsed them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4529.2s	4529.2	 And Rupert Murdoch admitted that they went too far and actually endorsed. And so you had Hannity and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4534.5s	4534.5	 a couple other hosts do that, even though Hannity had some text messages that indicated he didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4539.0s	4539.0	 believe it. So I think he came across the worst. However, there were within Fox skeptics of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4545.1s	4545.1	 Sidney Powell theory. And so I'd put Tucker Carlson in that camp. I put Laurie Ingraham in that camp.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4550.4s	4550.4	 And Tucker had Sidney Powell on his show on I think it was November 19th. I think this was 16
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4556.8s	4556.8	 days after the election. It was a 20 minute interview in which he grilled her and he kept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4560.9s	4560.9	 coming back to what is your evidence? What is your proof? And if you were paying attention,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4565.6s	4565.6	 he demolished her. I mean, I remember that notable. Yeah, exactly. So I mean, honestly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4570.6s	4570.6	 no one looks great when all of your text messages come out. And you can nitpick about this or that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4574.7s	4574.7	 text. But the bottom line is, I think Tucker did his job. You know, yes, he platforms Sidney Powell,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4579.8s	4579.8	 but he platformed her in order to dismantle her. And you kind of have to be pretty dopey not to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4585.2s	4585.2	 see that she was dismantled after the appearance of Tucker. Should Fox be liable for knowingly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4592.6s	4592.6	 platforming these people and endorsing them in some way? Or is it their freedom of speech in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4598.1s	4598.1	 your mind, as an attorney here, or somebody with that, you know, legal degree? Where does it stand?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4606.0s	4606.0	 Like put aside if this was if this was CNN doing it, MSNBC will switch what publication if this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4610.8s	4610.8	 was the New York Times and they knowingly lied, knowingly platformed some coops, the conspiracy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4617.0s	4617.0	 theory, what should the price they pay for and then how does that affect the freedom of speech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4622.0s	4622.0	 that we all think I think universally on this podcast, especially and in Silicon Valley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4626.5s	4626.5	 or at least we used to that freedom of speech is really important. Do you have the freedom to lie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4631.2s	4631.2	 and platform coops like this? Let me ask you directly, Jason, I think this would be a better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4635.4s	4635.4	 world if Fox reliable, but I don't think they're gonna be because that's not the legal standard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4639.6s	4639.6	 I believe that if a television network knowingly spreads and endorses baseless accusations against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4648.1s	4648.1	 somebody, which they know or should know is basically untrue, I think they should absolutely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4652.7s	4652.7	 be liable for libel or defamation. But that is not what the law requires under New York Times versus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4657.5s	4657.5	 Sullivan, you're required to show that that they knowingly spread misinformation. But in addition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4663.0s	4663.0	 you have to show that they had actual malice, which is that their intent was malicious. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4669.0s	4669.0	 I think, you know, Rupert Murdoch is a wily old dog because he admitted on the stand everything,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4674.6s	4674.6	 but the thing that was most important for the plaintiffs to prove, which is actual malice,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4680.0s	4680.0	 he admitted that they platform things that they knew or should have known were false.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4685.2s	4685.2	 He admitted that he should have put a lid on it sooner. He admitted that he knew it wasn't true,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4689.7s	4689.7	 but he said the reason they did it is because they're afraid of their audience or a portion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4693.7s	4693.7	 of their audience going to some rival network. So basically what he said is, in not so many words,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4698.8s	4698.8	 is that his motivation was greed. And in our system of law, that is a complete defense against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4704.6s	4704.6	 claims of defamation. Now, I think what we need here is to rewrite the defamation laws. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4709.3s	4709.3	 the Supreme Court needs to overturn New York versus Sullivan. Clarence Thomas is basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4714.9s	4714.9	 intimated that he would support that. I think that would be a great thing to do. I think actual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4719.7s	4719.7	 malice should not be the requirement for libel. I think if a television network or a publication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4725.4s	4725.4	 puts out information they know is false, they should absolutely be liable for it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4729.1s	4729.1	 and that is enough to show. And if we did that, by the way, it wouldn't just be Fox in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4733.6s	4733.6	 particular case. It'd be CNN and MSNBC. We have to completely revise their coverage. And all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4739.2s	4739.2	 these tech reporters who do nothing but defame the tech industry, the entire tech press just about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4745.4s	4745.4	 is a slow moving defamation lawsuit. Elon Musk would probably be the richest man in the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4750.5s	4750.5	 just based on all the defamation lawsuits he could bring if we were to overturn New York Times versus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4755.6s	4755.6	 the richest, richer guy. Yeah, because all they do is defame Elon Musk every week with claims
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4762.3s	4762.3	 that are ridiculous. So, David, listen, let's revise the whole thing. Yeah, but okay, so hold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4766.8s	4766.8	 on. There you go, folks. Very, very intellectually honest. I like it. David, so what you're saying is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4772.0s	4772.0	 you expect the Dominion lawsuit to fail. Can it be appealed all the way to the Supreme Court? Can this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4779.3s	4779.3	 be the case that rewrites New York versus Sullivan? Good question. That's a good question. I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4783.7s	4783.7	 sure. I mean, I think that'd be great if it did. Just to be clear, listen, I think that if Fox were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4788.1s	4788.1	 somehow found guilty, I think one and a half billion is a kind of a ridiculous amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4791.8s	4791.8	 damages. I don't think Dominion was damaged to one and a half billion. But do I think that it would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4795.9s	4795.9	 be a good thing if this lawsuit were challenged all the way to the Supreme Court and they overruled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4800.8s	4800.8	 New York Times versus Sullivan? That'd be a great thing. Let's fund the lawsuit. I would fund that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4804.8s	4804.8	 lawsuit. But the next thing I want to do is sue MSNBC and CNN for all the nonsense they spread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4811.6s	4811.6	 every night. I have a couple of things that I would want to go and get correct. Clean up. I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4818.0s	4818.0	 want to be clear here though, Brad. David's guy, Tucker, he did the right thing. That's the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4823.9s	4823.9	 important part of the story, isn't it, David? You're still a sucker for Tucker. You're not being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4828.6s	4828.6	 nuanced. You want to throw Tucker under the bus. I think Tucker did his job. I think Tucker did his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4833.7s	4833.7	 paradoxically. Tucker did his job. I think Tucker did his job, yes. Yeah. I think the guy who looks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4837.9s	4837.9	 a little worse is Hannity because Hannity in the text admitted he didn't believe the story,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4842.0s	4842.0	 but as a Trump loyalist, he endorsed the bullshit theory. That's no good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4846.4s	4846.4	 Brad, you come on the show every couple of episodes and pitch in here as our fifth beetle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4852.2s	4852.2	 Would you like to touch the third rail? What are your thoughts and would you like to get some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4856.7s	4856.7	 incoming email from all your LPs about your position on Fox News and Trump? Would you like to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4863.3s	4863.3	 milly? I mean, we just, I just feel like I sat through a University of Chicago law school class.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4869.4s	4869.4	 It was awesome. And I think we have some good issues here. We still got to tick off on J Cal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4875.8s	4875.8	 Yes. Okay. Well, we got to talk just for a second about China as it relates to TikTok because,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4882.2s	4882.2	 because this, this Hawley hearing that's coming up. So we've got a hearing in Congress.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4888.0s	4888.0	 Let's start with you are a shareholder, a significant shareholder in ByteDance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4892.1s	4892.1	 the parent company of TikTok. We have to say that I'm correct. Correct. Correct. And you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4895.5s	4895.5	 absolutely. You started that. I can't use TikTok and my kids use reels and everybody. You and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4900.9s	4900.9	 had a spirited debate on. Yes. You're a shareholder about this. So I, so I haven't, you want me to see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4906.6s	4906.6	 it up. You want to see it. But hold on a second here. Like, because just like Sachs had to defend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4910.6s	4910.6	 himself before he even got started. Otherwise you wonder my credibility. I have to do the same thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4916.6s	4916.6	 I'm a shareholder of Metta who stands to do incredibly well. If TikTok in the US is banned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4925.1s	4925.1	 So you have a spread, you win either way. I've got a hedge on good. Okay. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4931.0s	4931.0	 if TikTok in the US gets banned, but you know, the con the context here is the TikTok ban debate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4938.2s	4938.2	 is heating up, right? And it's all in a march up to the Hawley hearing. I think it's on March 23rd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4945.5s	4945.5	 and there's real like we, we spent a lot of time at the start of this pod on inflation. I think a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4950.5s	4950.5	 much bigger issue right now. I was just with all these investors. The main issue on their mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4955.7s	4955.7	 was global decoupling between China and the United States. We're going to see a level of Chinese
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4963.5s	4963.5	 hate leveled out of, out of Congress, both sides. I mean, we heard it Chamath at dinner at your place,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4969.4s	4969.4	 not so long ago that this hearing is drawing more demand for speakers from both sides of the aisle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4975.4s	4975.4	 than any such conference in a long time. But there's a lot of, there's a lot of heat now around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4980.6s	4980.6	 TikTok. Should it be banned? And when I, when I look at the situation, if you frame it for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4988.3s	4988.3	 bike dance, because Chamath talked about this a couple of weeks ago, it's been reported.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=4992.9s	4992.9	 ByteDance's revenue is about $120 billion. It's been reported their profits are about $25 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5000.8s	5000.8	 That is almost identical in size to Metta. Metta is worth about 450 billion. So 120 billion top line.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5007.0s	5007.0	 It's also been leaked that in that TikTok is about 14 billion of that and that U.S. TikTok is three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5014.7s	5014.7	 to four billion. U.S. TikTok, three to four billion of 120 and it loses money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5022.5s	5022.5	 So there's a lot of debate. Should we ban it? Should we not ban it? Is it going to go public?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5027.3s	5027.3	 And what should happen? What do you think? What do you want to happen as a shareholder?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5030.2s	5030.2	 Listen, I think it's a puppet. I think this is a puppet debate over a much bigger conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5035.7s	5035.7	 that's going on. One of the things I've urged the company to do over the course of the last several
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5041.8s	5041.8	 years is parental controls. My kids use TikTok, they use Reels, and what I want is to be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5047.4s	5047.4	 set effective time limits. And I also want TikTok has incredible video content in math, in science,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5054.7s	5054.7	 in history. I want to be able to set a slider and say 20% of the videos that get shown over this one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5060.9s	5060.9	 hour period have to include some of these math and science videos for my 12 year old. Then he can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5065.6s	5065.6	 elect and not watch it all or watch it. They announced those product changes yesterday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5072.3s	5072.3	 So they're teeing up those product changes. I don't happen to think there's a nefarious plot,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5076.9s	5076.9	 but I also understand that people might not want this. And so like, listen, I think we should have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5082.5s	5082.5	 a debate. I think that the CEO of TikTok should show up. He should speak the truth at the Hali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5088.2s	5088.2	 hearing. And if the U.S. Congress wants to ban TikTok in the U.S. or force a spin or a sale,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5093.5s	5093.5	 I think we should do it and stop debating it. But the much larger conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5098.1s	5098.1	 is whether we have a hard or a soft decoupling with China. And I think this is just canary in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5103.4s	5103.4	 the colon. All right. So let me just tee up also. And Chamath, I'll get your reaction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5108.6s	5108.6	 On Monday, the White House gave government agencies 30 days to remove TikTok from all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5112.5s	5112.5	 federal devices. All federal agencies must delete TikTok from phones and systems and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5116.3s	5116.3	 prohibit internet traffic from reaching the company. This is following moves by Canada
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5120.3s	5120.3	 and the EU and Taiwan. And obviously, there is a bigger House committee focused on China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5129.6s	5129.6	 that held its first meeting this week. So there is the bigger picture. But let's start with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5133.8s	5133.8	 smaller picture. Number one, Chamath, do you think it's a security risk to have a Chinese company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5138.2s	5138.2	 have this kind of access and influence with TikTok specifically? And what do you think the remedy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5143.4s	5143.4	 should be for that? And then we'll get big picture and only get Sachs involved in this as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5147.0s	5147.0	 Should it be banned? Should they have this kind of access to Americans and influence?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5152.3s	5152.3	 Should it be banned? No, because I believe in a free market. Will it be banned? Yes, because it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5164.0s	5164.0	 the most obvious cultural way to pick a fight with China without actually picking a fight with China.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5173.8s	5173.8	 So yeah, I think it's going to be the most obvious victim of all of this. And so I don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5179.4s	5179.4	 my advice to my friends who are shareholders, not just Brad, but others, is sell, sell it, move on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5187.0s	5187.0	 It's in the Warren Buffett, what Warren Buffett calls the too hard bucket.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5191.8s	5191.8	 Sachs, do you think that this is a national security issue? Do you personally believe TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5197.6s	5197.6	 should be banned? Or do you like me believe that we should just do a reciprocation test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5204.3s	5204.3	 in order for TikTok to be allowed here in the United States, then Twitter, Facebook, Meta,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5209.1s	5209.1	 Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. need to be allowed in China and you have this many days to reciprocate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5215.8s	5215.8	 or else it's banned. I think Chamath is right that TikTok is going to be GPC roadkill and GPC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5221.4s	5221.4	 stands for great power competition. You're going to start hearing that term more and more. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5225.2s	5225.2	 going to become the organizing principle of American foreign policy. And I just think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5229.0s	5229.0	 TikTok is all caught up in that. And personally, I'd like to understand what it is exactly that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5235.7s	5235.7	 they're doing with TikTok. And instead of just having these vague accusations, I'd actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5239.0s	5239.0	 really like to understand the underlying surveillance that they might be doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5243.2s	5243.2	 But the company has been tracking. They have actually been caught already.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5245.3s	5245.3	 Yeah, I'd like to know a lot more about that. But in any event, I just think they're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5248.9s	5248.9	 get caught up in this, again, GPC. That's going to be the dominant organizing principle of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5255.4s	5255.4	 foreign policy. I think that people are coming around to realizing that it's China, not Russia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5261.9s	5261.9	 That is the central global competitor and adversary of the United States. It's the only country in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5267.9s	5267.9	 world that's a potential peer competitor to the US. Its economy is roughly the same size as the US.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5273.0s	5273.0	 It's got four times the population. It's the one that we really need to watch out for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5277.5s	5277.5	 I think there's growing realization in Washington that the Ukraine war is a little bit of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5284.7s	5284.7	 misdirect and that we need to basically get back to doing what we were doing before the war,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5290.4s	5290.4	 which is pivoting to Asia. And by the way, thinking about that just for a second,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5295.5s	5295.5	 I think David, you're totally right, because the game theory now, to me, makes a lot more sense in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5301.2s	5301.2	 the frame in the framing of GPC. So for example, if you think about what the CHIPS Act does, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5307.8s	5307.8	 The CHIPS Act basically says we are going to nearshore or onshore every capability we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5317.0s	5317.0	 so that we can make and manufacture all the critical semiconductors for all of our interests,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5322.6s	5322.6	 technological, business, military, et cetera. But what is that really? What that is, is an option
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5329.6s	5329.6	 to not have to defend Taiwan. And why is that important? It's because today, if Taiwan were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5335.2s	5335.2	 invaded by China, we get pulled into a conflagration that we don't know how it ends.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5339.8s	5339.8	 We don't know what the beginning, middle, or end of it looks like. It's extremely dangerous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5343.4s	5343.4	 and precarious. So spend a couple trillion dollars, create financial incentives, build a bridge to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5350.3s	5350.3	 Korea and to Japan so that they bring onshore and into Mexico all the capabilities we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5356.5s	5356.5	 with Western Europe, who are already our allies already, along with Japan and Korea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5361.5s	5361.5	 And now all of a sudden, we have complete optionality and now we can deal with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5366.2s	5366.2	 greater Chinese hegemony in a much more balanced way. So I think the GPC framing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5373.4s	5373.4	 is shared, by the way, between the Democrats and the Republicans. So this is why it's so much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5378.3s	5378.3	 bigger than one single company. That's why I think TikTok's roadkill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5382.1s	5382.1	 Brad, if we frame it as a competition, we're not framing it as a war. We're in competition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5387.0s	5387.0	 and part of that is going to be this decoupling. Is this decoupling helpful to America? Is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5393.4s	5393.4	 helpful to humanity? Is it better that we decouple a bit? This interdependency maybe got a little too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5399.4s	5399.4	 deep, as we saw during COVID with supply chains? Well, I mean, in a great power struggle, it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5405.4s	5405.4	 what the words imply, right? So I don't, you know, part of the reason you want to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5411.3s	5411.3	 trade with China and part of the reason we don't want to have a hard decoupling is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5417.4s	5417.4	 a longstanding theory that countries that trade together are less likely to go to war.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5422.6s	5422.6	 So, you know, I think if you listen to what's coming out of this, you know, these select committee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5429.8s	5429.8	 this week that held its first hearing is on the extremes, you hear people saying hard decoupling,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5436.4s	5436.4	 right? And in the middle, you have people saying, listen, we need to define a circumference or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5440.0s	5440.0	 find a circumference around national security, and we need to decouple as to all things that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5446.3s	5446.3	 are within that circumference. Now, I will tell you that the debate is about how large is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5451.1s	5451.1	 circle. So it starts off as, for example, sophisticated computer chips out of Nvidia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5456.6s	5456.6	 So China, you know, can't compete with us in the AI arms race, but it's quickly emerged into,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5463.2s	5463.2	 you know, batteries, energy, food, supply chains. The circumference has now become almost as large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5471.0s	5471.0	 as the economy itself. I would argue that it's not just the Chips Act. It's also IRA, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5476.7s	5476.7	 another trillion dollars of funding for basically onshore and supply chains, vital materials to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5485.9s	5485.9	 build batteries, etc. You know, so I think it's a very reasonable policy by both parties to pursue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5493.2s	5493.2	 It's clear that we're going to have some decoupling. I think it's going to lead to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5500.0s	5500.0	 an interesting question on the part of China. You know, she was out last week saying, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5505.0s	5505.0	 I'm going to make a speech about peace with Russia. You know, this is more David's territory. But my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5511.5s	5511.5	 hunch is that there may be, you know, if China thinks there's going to be a hard decoupling from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5517.4s	5517.4	 an economic perspective, this is bad for global economic growth. This is bad for China's growth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5523.6s	5523.6	 I don't think it's bad for growth. I think it's bad for inflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5527.4s	5527.4	 Explain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5528.4s	5528.4	 Well, because I think that we'll have many versions of everything everywhere. So we will-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5533.2s	5533.2	 Some more redundancy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5534.5s	5534.5	 Yeah, more redundancy. We're going to rely on Central and South America in a meaningfully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5540.0s	5540.0	 bigger way. And what that'll mean is that there'll be more jobs in economic prosperity for those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5544.5s	5544.5	 countries. They'll feed the United States. China will feed it less. And as a result,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5549.4s	5549.4	 there'll be more inflation because you won't have the cost advantages. By the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5552.7s	5552.7	 China is not just going to sit there and take this lying down. They've already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5556.9s	5556.9	 punched back a few times. So for example, in the middle of the summer, China introduced a tariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5562.5s	5562.5	 and slowing the export of certain materials and technology to make solar wafers. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5567.8s	5567.8	 why is that critical? Well, again, talked about this before, but we are going to take the marginal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5573.2s	5573.2	 cost of energy to zero in this country. And the levelized cost of energy, particularly via solar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5578.6s	5578.6	 is the cheapest it's ever been. And so what China sees is, oh my gosh, if the United States has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5585.1s	5585.1	 abundant free energy, now all of a sudden a huge component of what drives costs is gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5592.8s	5592.8	 So now the United States could partner with El Salvador, Mexico, Honduras, Argentina, Brazil-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5599.1s	5599.1	 And Vietnam is happening here too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5601.0s	5601.0	 No, but I'm just saying it's close by. And if you can deliver zero cost energy to those places,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5606.5s	5606.5	 now the manufacturing capability could exist there. My point is, it's such a complicated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5610.8s	5610.8	 chess piece. So China's not taking any of this lying down. But I think that what David's framing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5615.6s	5615.6	 is totally accurate. This is the beginning of a GPC and it's an economic tit for tat that we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5621.4s	5621.4	 going to play out. We tax chips, they tax solar panels. We go after TikTok just as a confusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5629.1s	5629.1	 maker. Right? Yeah. There's going to be a lot of followings back and forth here. I can tell you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5635.6s	5635.6	 there's a very easy test for if China sees TikTok as a strategic asset and it's going to create more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5644.6s	5644.6	 shareholder value, Brad, if they were to spin it out and make it a publicly traded American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5648.8s	5648.8	 company with American shareholders, it would create more shareholder value for a bike dance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5652.7s	5652.7	 Therefore, if they don't spin it out, that means they're not acting in the interest of shareholders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5657.2s	5657.2	 and shareholder value. They're acting in the interest of their national security.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5661.8s	5661.8	 Pretty clear reciprocation and collaboration would be a much better model, I think, for working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5668.2s	5668.2	 with the Chinese. And hopefully we can find some things that we can collaborate on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5672.7s	5672.7	 Brad raised the Chinese peace proposal in Ukraine, which I think is an interesting topic. Can we,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5679.0s	5679.0	 do you guys want to go there for a minute? Sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5682.2s	5682.2	 Yeah. All right. Can I take a shot at explaining what the Chinese were doing? I think it was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5685.7s	5685.7	 clever diplomatic maneuver by the Chinese to try and grab the moral high ground here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5689.9s	5689.9	 They're basically saying, listen, we're interested in peace. We're going to put forward a proposal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5693.8s	5693.8	 The Americans fell into the trap of basically dismissing it right away, throwing cold water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5697.8s	5697.8	 on it. The US State Department has done this twice before. Remember back in March of last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5702.3s	5702.3	 Naftali Bennett from Israel tried to negotiate a peace deal and he himself said that it was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5708.6s	5708.6	 West, the Americans who rejected it. He thought it had a 50-50 chance of succeeding. You then had the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5713.7s	5713.7	 peace process in Istanbul, Turkey with Erdogan presiding over it. You had the Istanbul communique,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5720.5s	5720.5	 which again, they were very close to having a peace deal and Blinken and the US threw cold water on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5725.8s	5725.8	 it. So what's happening here is that the US is not playing its traditional role as peacemaker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5732.4s	5732.4	 Where we try to go in and mediate these conflicts. We're doing the opposite of that. We're throwing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5737.0s	5737.0	 cold water in the peace process. Now, why are we not acting as the mediator? I'll tell you why,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5741.1s	5741.1	 because we are a co-belligerent. This is an American proxy war that we're fighting against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5745.7s	5745.7	 Russia. So we have no interest in mediating a peace process. And moreover, we're not trusted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5750.9s	5750.9	 to mediate a peace process because we're one of the effectively one of the combatants.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5753.9s	5753.9	 So it's a PR strategy by Xi Jinping to take the global moral high ground. I agree with that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5760.0s	5760.0	 Now, I said it on Twitter a couple of weeks ago, like this is amazing that he's starting the peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5764.2s	5764.2	 process. We want regime change. We want to deplete and we want to ankle Putin. They want to keep him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5769.7s	5769.7	 in the game. The more death spots there are, the better it is for them. They would like to keep the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5774.6s	5774.6	 Legion of Doom going. They don't want to see regime change and democracy in Russia eventually.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5780.1s	5780.1	 I don't think that's how they view it. But listen, Jake, Jake, I was very close to getting it, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5783.9s	5783.9	 here's where I would disagree with you a little bit. Let me explain. Okay, go ahead. So from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5791.7s	5791.7	 Chinese point of view, the war in Ukraine is like mana from heaven. Okay. They love this war.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5798.9s	5798.9	 Number one, okay, because it's interfering with the US's pivot to Asia. We were basically in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5805.4s	5805.4	 process of redeploying all of our force, all of our military to containing them in East Asia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5811.9s	5811.9	 And now we're bogged down in Europe. Okay. So that's number one. Number two, we are massively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5816.8s	5816.8	 depleting our stockpiles of weapons. We've used something like nine years of stingers and five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5823.1s	5823.1	 years of javelins and we're running out of ammunition. I can't believe it, but we're running
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5826.6s	5826.6	 out of artillery. The Russians actually have a six to one artillery advantage, which is why they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5830.9s	5830.9	 actually doing much better in this war than people are acknowledging. We should come back to that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5835.7s	5835.7	 The last thing is that the Chinese now are benefiting from the economic sanctions on Russia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5841.8s	5841.8	 because Russia is now selling them oil and gas and all of their minerals at a big discount.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5846.6s	5846.6	 Subsidy. Yeah. So this has been a wonderful thing from the Chinese standpoint. So this is the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5852.8s	5852.8	 with us thinking in this Marvel movie way of the world in which we're the super friends and we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5858.7s	5858.7	 against the Legion of Doom. Okay. Is because there is no natural alliance in the real world between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5864.1s	5864.1	 China, Russia, and Iran. These are three very different regimes with different types of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5870.5s	5870.5	 governments who naturally would not get along. They would be adversaries. Naturally they'd be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5876.2s	5876.2	 suspicious of each other as China and Russia were during the cold war, but we have pushed them closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5882.2s	5882.2	 together. This is the problem with having this overly moralistic view of foreign policy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5887.2s	5887.2	 Over to you, Jason. What do you think? Is there a question? Is there a question? What's the question?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5892.7s	5892.7	 Yeah. I mean, you frame it as the Legion of Doom. So just explain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5897.0s	5897.0	 Well, it's the axis of evil. The 50% of- Hold on. No, no, no. Hold on. I'll finish my sentence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5902.5s	5902.5	 Listen, Lex Luthor and Brainiac would not be working together if it weren't for us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5907.1s	5907.1	 declaring a war on both of them at the same time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5909.2s	5909.2	 Absolutely. Actually Pakistan, Iran, and China work together on nuclear technology. So they do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5917.6s	5917.6	 when it's convenient for them, work on things like nuclear bombs. So there is an affiliation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5923.9s	5923.9	 but you're correct. They're the 50% of the planet of humans on this planet who live under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5930.3s	5930.3	 authoritarians. And so they're authoritarians. They're always going to think in their own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5934.2s	5934.2	 interests. They're always going to think in their own interests above their own peoples,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5937.8s	5937.8	 let alone the people of another country. They don't care. They don't care about human rights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5941.8s	5941.8	 They don't care about the rights of humans. And they certainly don't care about the rights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5945.0s	5945.0	 of humans in another country. And the West is on a noble mission to spread democracy in the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5951.0s	5951.0	 And that is a noble thing worth fighting for and is worth defending free countries from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5956.6s	5956.6	 death spots. I know that you are a fan of these folks, Sacks apparently, and you think they should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5961.1s	5961.1	 be able to run amok. I will take the other side of it. I think the West should act in unison.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5965.1s	5965.1	 The only criticism I have is that we're not acting in unison. I would like to see the West,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5969.9s	5969.9	 instead of sending Biden to Ukraine. Hold on. Where did I say? You've talked enough. You just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5975.4s	5975.4	 accused me of somehow being fans of these people. Where did I ever say that I was a fan of Xi and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5980.3s	5980.3	 China or Putin or the Ayatollahs in Iran? Hold on. You said we provoked Putin. Putin invaded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5986.8s	5986.8	 another country. Hold on. You said we caused it. I said, hold on a second. Hold on a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5993.4s	5993.4	 I am arguing for a geopolitical strategy that benefits the United States. I'm on Team America.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=5998.9s	5998.9	 And your policy of driving these people into an axis of evil is foolish for the reason I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6004.4s	6004.4	 which is we are going to power up the Chinese economy so they are a much more formidable enemy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6009.6s	6009.6	 to the United States. That is the last thing we need to do. Now with respect to- You've stated-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6013.5s	6013.5	 Hold on a second. Let me finish. You had a chance. With respect to Ukraine and Putin there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6019.5s	6019.5	 there's no question that Putin invaded. He is the aggressor. However, the question you have to ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6024.9s	6024.9	 is why? And the fact of the matter is that, first of all, we fomented a coup in Ukraine in 2014.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6033.1s	6033.1	 This is your democracy spreading that you like. It's all of a sudden we got these NGOs and we got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6037.6s	6037.6	 Victoria Newland from the State Department in there basically fomenting these coups. It doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6041.9s	6041.9	 work out quite the way you think, J. Cal. That's problem number one. Then we try to run NATO right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6047.4s	6047.4	 up to Russia's border. And you expect them just to accept that because we're a benevolent superpower.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6053.0s	6053.0	 That's not the way the real world works. Putin was tremendously threatened by that and it wasn't just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6057.4s	6057.4	 him. It was all Russian elites. Read the Bill Byrnes memo from 2008. He explains that even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6064.1s	6064.1	 the liberal elements within Russia were tremendously threatened by NATO expansion. That is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6069.7s	6069.7	 basically poisoned diplomatic relations between the United States and Russia. And it was a major
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6075.2s	6075.2	 cause of this war. Now, listen, just because you don't think it's provocative doesn't mean that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6081.4s	6081.4	 Russians don't think it's provocative. You have to be able to put yourself in the other guy's shoes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6085.7s	6085.7	 for just one second. And the fact of the matter is there were diplomatic steps that we could have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6089.9s	6089.9	 taken to defuse this crisis in this war and we didn't do it. And now look what's happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6094.8s	6094.8	 Hundreds of thousands of people have been killed and Ukraine's been destroyed. It's been absolutely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6098.5s	6098.5	 destroyed. And let me tell you right now, it looks like they're losing this war. So I don't see where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6103.0s	6103.0	 your superhero policy has gotten us except to make China richer and more powerful and to destroy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6109.7s	6109.7	 Ukraine. That is where your naive idealism has gotten us. Yeah. And I would say if you, if left
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6117.0s	6117.0	 to your devices and you're not engaging and not presenting a united front against Putin, he will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6122.9s	6122.9	 invade country after country. The West must fight for democracy. We must fight for human rights,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6127.9s	6127.9	 even if it's uncomfortable. And you seem to think we provoked him to invade this country. He's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6133.1s	6133.1	 murdering dictator, authoritarian who has been murdering his own people and other people for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6139.8s	6139.8	 his entire career. And he will continue to do so. Let me clarify, cause you're putting words in my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6144.5s	6144.5	 mouth. Okay. When you say that, I think that we, what I believe, what I believe is that we took
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6150.2s	6150.2	 actions that in Russian eyes were provocative. Yeah. I'm saying that from their subjective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6157.0s	6157.0	 point of view. They saw these actions as provocative. They said so listen, the Russian,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6161.8s	6161.8	 which is what I said back to you, we provoked it is your position. No, I just explained this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6166.1s	6166.1	 Not the words I would use. Hold on. His position is that in their eyes, they were provoked Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6171.4s	6171.4	 Right. We are the provokers. We're talking about, no. Oh, shit. Oh boy. You're like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6177.3s	6177.3	 what you're doing right now is like dishonest. I just explained the language that I would use.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6182.4s	6182.4	 Yes. We provoked them. We took actions that in Russian eyes were provocative. There's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6187.4s	6187.4	 difference. Provocative, provoked. Yes. The act of provoking them. Okay. It's getting too much. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6193.3s	6193.3	 Let's move on. We're not, we're never going to agree on this, Sax. Okay. And I mean, I'd like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6198.3s	6198.3	 to remind the audience that nobody on this podcast is an expert on foreign policy. Sax is not Henry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6203.2s	6203.2	 Kissinger. You know, I'm not Obama. Last week's show, you had come around to my point of view.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6210.2s	6210.2	 You said this war was a mistake. On the very last show, you said it was a disaster. And now you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6215.6s	6215.6	 you're basically, you're backsliding. Hold on. You're backsliding right back to your legion of doom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6220.6s	6220.6	 No, I believe the West should present a united front and we should hold the line with Russia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6226.8s	6226.8	 invading other countries. That's my belief. I do not think we should be doing this solo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6230.6s	6230.6	 I think we should not be sending Biden. We should be sending 15 leaders of countries to Ukraine. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6236.7s	6236.7	 should be sending people in and we should be doing a peace process. And I think the military
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6240.3s	6240.3	 industrial complex largely driven by the GOP is what's at fault here. They want to use these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6247.0s	6247.0	 weapons. They want to replenish the supply and they want to regime change. I don't think we should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6251.1s	6251.1	 be going for regime change. I think we should be building bridges. So my point is a little more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6255.8s	6255.8	 subtle. You're doing it right there. You're basically engaging in this ridiculous rhetoric
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6259.8s	6259.8	 that we've seen in the media, which is that if you simply want a more realistic American strategy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6265.3s	6265.3	 because you believe it benefits America, that you're automatically accused of somehow being a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6269.6s	6269.6	 Putin sympathizer. You're doing what the mainstream media has done. No, I'm not. I just said to you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6274.6s	6274.6	 it should be the entire West as a group, as a block negotiating with Putin. What do you think?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6280.6s	6280.6	 I think it's fine for Xi Jinping to be part of that. I welcome Xi Jinping, Germany and the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6286.0s	6286.0	 States and France and the UK all getting together and trying to get these two parties to settle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6290.2s	6290.2	 What do you think we're doing? What do you think we're doing right or wrong with China right now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6295.5s	6295.5	 Right or wrong with China? What do you think we're doing right and wrong or right wrong or?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6299.9s	6299.9	 I think we should be in discussions with them consistently. I don't believe we should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6305.4s	6305.4	 isolating them. I think we should be looking for areas we can collaborate on the environment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6310.5s	6310.5	 tech technology. You agree with the CHIPS Act. You agree with basically on-shoring and near-shoring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6316.2s	6316.2	 all the critical infrastructure we need. I think we should not be dependent on any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6319.8s	6319.8	 foreign. We should have energy security. We should have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6324.9s	6324.9	 medical technology. Of course, yes. But I think every country should. I think China should have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6329.5s	6329.5	 that. We should have it. Every country should aspire to be resilient and not be dependent on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6334.5s	6334.5	 another country. And being dependent on a dictator like Germany was on Putin or we were with China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6340.2s	6340.2	 for medicines or for medical equipment or CHIPS, we do not want to be in that position ever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6345.9s	6345.9	 Let me ask one question. Just on Ukraine, just for a second, J. Cal, would you be willing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6349.6s	6349.6	 in order to achieve a peace deal for Ukraine, would you be willing to agree to two things?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6354.8s	6354.8	 Number one, that Ukraine would be a neutral country instead of part of NATO. And number two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6359.7s	6359.7	 that we would recognize Crimea being part of Russia. Would you be willing to give those two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6363.9s	6363.9	 things? I think that's not up to me. I think it's up to the people of Ukraine and Russia to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6369.0s	6369.0	 sort this out. And it's up for the West to set the table for them to do it. And part of setting the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6373.5s	6373.5	 table for them to do it is to make it more painful for them to stay at this war. So if they are told
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6379.0s	6379.0	 if you keep fighting over these things and you don't come to a resolution between those two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6382.6s	6382.6	 parties who have to live with that resolution, that is the uncomfortable thing that will force
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6387.3s	6387.3	 them. And that could be China, us and India all working together, all of us working together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6392.3s	6392.3	 to force those two parties into a solution that works for them. We have Brad for 10 minutes. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6396.1s	6396.1	 want to move on. I want to show you guys a tweet about Harvard students. And I want you guys to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6400.2s	6400.2	 react to Draymond's comments because they're just fucking incredible. I don't know if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6404.2s	6404.2	 guys saw this, but isn't that unbelievable? It says there was a study at Harvard that found that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6410.3s	6410.3	 43% of white students there are legacy athletes or related to donors or staff. That's unbelievable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6421.4s	6421.4	 Is that public knowledge or is that like kind of leaked information? I wonder. This is from Dolores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6426.0s	6426.0	 Handy. I don't know who that is. Maybe we could click on who the source of that is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6430.6s	6430.6	 Legacies got to go, right? That that concept. Should I just go away?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6437.5s	6437.5	 Yeah, valid reason to have legacy. Is there a valid reason to have legacy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6442.6s	6442.6	 It feels unfair. It feels unamerican that these important institutions give preference to people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6449.0s	6449.0	 who are stupider and achieve less if this is an achievement based system. It just feels unfair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6456.5s	6456.5	 Well, we know that their first class had 0%. So we know what the trend line looks like. So at some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6463.1s	6463.1	 point we're approaching 100%. I think we're just debating what you're...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6465.1s	6465.1	 I don't know. Just an open question, right? One of the things I would like to see, Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6468.6s	6468.6	 is what's the relative performance tenure after graduation between the legacies and the kids who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6474.6s	6474.6	 had to fucking scratch and fight to get into the place? Oh my God. Yeah. I mean, I think we know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6481.0s	6481.0	 the answer. Well, you would think they would be higher performers, the latter group, but you would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6485.5s	6485.5	 also think that if legacy got you into Harvard, then the legacy and your career is going to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6491.4s	6491.4	 you into other things, right? You'll have the end in other places. They're the ones who are miserable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6496.2s	6496.2	 and walking around rich and haven't achieved anything. Yeah. Listen, Sax didn't get into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6503.5s	6503.5	 Stanford based on his dad's buying a building, right? Well, that's for sure. Okay. So here is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6511.9s	6511.9	 video from Tremont Green. What I do want to go back to is Black History Month. This is actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6518.9s	6518.9	 the first time you've seen me in a Black History Month shirt on Black History Month. And it's very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6525.1s	6525.1	 intentional. And I really just threw this shirt on because I didn't have another shirt to throw on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6529.7s	6529.7	 But Black History Month, at some point, can we get rid of it? Like, at some point?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6536.7s	6536.7	 Why we got to keep getting the shortest month to celebrate our history? You got governors who want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6546.1s	6546.1	 to take our history out of schools, and I'm not going to be the fool to go say, yeah, we get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6552.0s	6552.0	 celebrated for 28 days. So at some point, I'd like to get rid of it. It's, you know, we're making all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6559.9s	6559.9	 these changes in the world. Can't talk about these people. Can't talk about those people. Can't say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6564.4s	6564.4	 this. Can't say that. At some point, it's time to get rid of Black History Month. Now, get rid of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6569.6s	6569.6	 Black History, like they're trying to do. But Black History Month? No. Teach my history from January
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6578.7s	6578.7	 1st to December 31st, and then do it again, and then again, and then again, and then again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6585.8s	6585.8	 That's what I like to see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6588.2s	6588.2	 Strong. So good. Love that. Love that guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6592.2s	6592.2	 He's the fucking best.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6593.4s	6593.4	 That was strong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6593.9s	6593.9	 He's the best.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6594.9s	6594.9	 You need to clip the last 10 seconds of that. We all need to tweet that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6600.2s	6600.2	 Yeah. Be relentless. Chamath, there was a correction we needed to make about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6604.6s	6604.6	 Stripe chart last week. Go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6605.8s	6605.8	 Yeah. So-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6606.6s	6606.6	 You have the floor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6607.4s	6607.4	 We talked about some Stripe stuff last week, and my analyst came to me after the show was published,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6613.0s	6613.0	 and there was a couple of miscalculations in the spreadsheet that generated the graphic,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6616.7s	6616.7	 which big up to him for calling it out very quickly. Anyways, I just wanted to show you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6620.2s	6620.2	 the updated one, just so that we could make sure we get that on the record. I guess this would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6624.1s	6624.1	 a purple color. Is that purple?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6625.4s	6625.4	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6625.8s	6625.8	 That's actually when you calculate net revenue, and I think what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6629.8s	6629.8	 did was calculated gross revenue, which is in the red. So we showed this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6634.1s	6634.1	 but it actually should be purple. So that's the updated, accurate version of the analysis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6640.1s	6640.1	 So there you have it, folks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6641.5s	6641.5	 What does that mean for Stripe versus Adyen in terms of just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6645.4s	6645.4	 which is a better business, just to summarize it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6648.1s	6648.1	 No, I mean, to be honest with you, it says what we said before, which is that the previous valuation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6654.1s	6654.1	 was very expectation heavy, and the new valuation is definitely more in line, but still very rich
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6662.1s	6662.1	 relative to other companies who have large profitability and large growth rates. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6669.5s	6669.5	 that's the key takeaway, which is it's very hard to both have huge margins and grow at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6676.5s	6676.5	 mediumly high double digit rates. And the few that can, Visa, MasterCard and Adyen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6682.5s	6682.5	 tend to trade at a very different valuation set than everything else. And so I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6688.2s	6688.2	 the challenge for Stripe. If they can do it, they'll be in that class.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6691.0s	6691.0	 Okay. For the Sultan of Science doing his SPAC in New York, having an incredible dinner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6697.4s	6697.4	 at Carbone right now. Enjoy the vegetarian...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6701.9s	6701.9	 I pre-tilted him. He texts into our group chat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6705.2s	6705.2	 Don't do it. Don't do that. And he said, let me know if you want me to dial in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6710.2s	6710.2	 and save the episode. My Insta reply, Gerstner's on fire. We're all set.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6722.3s	6722.3	 He has to go find a safe place. He's irreplaceable. He's irreplaceable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6726.0s	6726.0	 Except, you know, this episode is pretty good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6735.2s	6735.2	 We love you, Sultan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6738.0s	6738.0	 It wasn't a bad episode until J. Cal started shitting again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6744.4s	6744.4	 Just like you strike January 6th. You can't strike words in English.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6747.8s	6747.8	 You can't strike a single word. You struck my single word last week when I called you out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6751.9s	6751.9	 When J. Cal gets under pressure in a debate, he falls back on all the usual virtue signaling.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6758.5s	6758.5	 Who did you vote for in 2016, 2020? Be honest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6761.0s	6761.0	 See what you're doing right now. Look at this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6762.8s	6762.8	 Oh God. Did you vote for Hillary and Biden?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6765.0s	6765.0	 Legion of doom. They're the Legion of doom. You're pro-Putin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6770.6s	6770.6	 You know, there's actually a meme. There's a meme on Twitter that anyone who disagrees with me is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6775.3s	6775.3	 Russian disinformation or pro-Putin. I haven't seen that one yet. That's pretty funny.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6779.2s	6779.2	 That's basically you. I don't think you're pro-Putin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6782.0s	6782.0	 I always try to make sure people understand. During this entire year of Ukraine, I say every time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6789.0s	6789.0	 to be clear, you're not saying Putin is right for invading Ukraine. And you're like, no, of course not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6794.1s	6794.1	 Just stop. No, thank you for saying that. No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6796.3s	6796.3	 thank you for saying that. I appreciate that. I always try to say that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6798.9s	6798.9	 He's making a correction. It's a very nuanced discussion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6801.1s	6801.1	 It's a very nuanced discussion. Like we could, nobody's in favor of this war. Nobody. Nobody's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6807.0s	6807.0	 in favor of it. Everybody's trying to resolve it. I think we just have different views of what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6811.0s	6811.0	 resolution looks like. Did you guys read this crazy article in Bloomberg Business Week about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6816.1s	6816.1	 Proz Michelle, the founder of the co-founder of the Fuji's and his entanglement with the one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6821.3s	6821.3	 M.D.B. scandal? Did you read this article? No, I have no idea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6824.6s	6824.6	 Here's how the article starts. I like the culture at the end. Let's put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6827.8s	6827.8	 the tinfoil hats on and do culture at the end. His phone rings and it's a Chinese woman that says
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6833.1s	6833.1	 something like, you know, your cousin wants to meet you. He goes to the Four Seasons where he gets a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6838.9s	6838.9	 note that says, walk around the building twice to make sure you're not followed. Goes back into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6842.8s	6842.8	 Four Seasons, gets a key card, goes upstairs into a room where they then escort him to a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6850.7s	6850.7	 room in a penthouse, take all of his phones and he meets with the vice chairman of security for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6854.9s	6854.9	 China where that guy is asking for an introduction to Trump. It is, that's how the article starts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6861.8s	6861.8	 It is incredible reading. Incredible, incredible reading. I encourage all of you to read it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6868.2s	6868.2	 It's so, what is it called? Juicy. It's so juicy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6871.7s	6871.7	 Spicy. If you want to read some crazy story, there is a company called Wirecard in Germany
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6878.6s	6878.6	 and there's a New Yorker article about the biggest fraud in German history.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6883.0s	6883.0	 I highly recommend reading this one. We didn't get to it today, but oh my God,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6887.0s	6887.0	 if we had like a long reads post show, it'd be incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6890.5s	6890.5	 I personally don't think we should promote any stories by the mainstream media. We have no idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6895.0s	6895.0	 whether they're true or not. I'm serious. Gentlemen, we'll see you soon, Brad. Thank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6898.2s	6898.2	 you so much for filling in. Take it easy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6899.8s	6899.8	 Love you, Brad. Thanks, bro. Yeah, pretty, pretty good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6903.5s	6903.5	 Love you guys. For the Rain Man, David Sacks, the pacifist of peace, the sultan of science,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6909.1s	6909.1	 Brad Gerstner, the dictator Chamath, I'm the world's greatest moderator and speaker at your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6915.0s	6915.0	 corporate event for 50 to 75 times. Check out, talk to my speaker bureau. Let's get this grip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6920.2s	6920.2	 down, people. We'll see you next week. Bye-bye. Love you guys. Bye-bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6934.1s	6934.1	 And instead, we open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6938.1s	6938.1	 Love you, S.K. The queen of Kin Wands.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6947.0s	6947.0	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6949.6s	6949.6	 That is my dog taking a notice in your driveway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6957.4s	6957.4	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6961.3s	6961.3	 like this, like sexual tension, but they just need to release them out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOuks3BM55o&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=4&t=6970.6s	6970.6	 We need to get merch.
