https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=0.0s	0.0	 All right, everybody, welcome to the all in podcast and with me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4.4s	4.4	 again this week, the Sultan of Science, the Prince of Panic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=7.2s	7.2	 Attacks, the Queen of Kin Wah, David Friedberg, the dictator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=11.0s	11.0	 Chamath Pali Hopatia wearing beautiful Mr. B sweater, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=16.0s	16.0	 David Sachs, the Rain Man himself. Thanks for coming to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=18.9s	18.9	 my Loro Piana dinner on Tuesday, Jaycom. That was wonderful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=22.0s	22.0	 Thanks. At least one bestie showed up for you. Wonderful,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=24.9s	24.9	 wonderful dinner. I sat as far away from the Loro Piana people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=28.6s	28.6	 as possible in the arranged seating. Thank you for that. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=31.3s	31.3	 guess maybe you were like, I'm going to contain the damage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=35.0s	35.0	 Bernard Arnaud said put the all caps got the end and I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=38.1s	38.1	 Okay, yeah, he still hurt me. I was like, what's the amuse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=43.0s	43.0	 bouche?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=45.2s	45.2	 At dinner every time he said something he yelled like he was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=47.9s	47.9	 in all caps.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=51.9s	51.9	 I want another butterscotch pudding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=55.2s	55.2	 The butterscotch pudding is delightful. Shawn. Shawn's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=59.1s	59.1	 I'm four feet away from you. You take the caps lock. Shawn was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=62.6s	62.6	 so embarrassed. Chef Shawn crushed it. Chef Shawn crushed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=65.0s	65.0	 it. Shawn crushed it once again. Were you sounding alarms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=67.6s	67.6	 when the restaurant like almost ran out of something? Alert,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=71.0s	71.0	 alert, alert. Restaurant is running low on coffee. We're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=74.7s	74.7	 dangerously low on caviar on this white asparagus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=84.2s	84.2	 Alright, everybody, welcome to the pod where we, you know, try
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=98.0s	98.0	 to inform you we try to make some jokes here. I just want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=100.1s	100.1	 make what is a little bit of an opening statement here. It's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=103.8s	103.8	 an apology. And it's not a victory lap in any way. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=108.1s	108.1	 there's been a lot of attention, I think, on the last episode of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=111.9s	111.9	 the pod and perhaps some tweeting from two of the four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=114.4s	114.4	 besties this past weekend. I saw and you know, I'll let you speak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=120.6s	120.6	 for yourself here, Sax and we're going to get into the timeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=123.1s	123.1	 of what's occurred. And then what are potential outcomes here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=126.3s	126.3	 and solutions to the banking issues that we've witnessed in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=130.4s	130.4	 what is a week since the bank run on Silicon Valley Bank and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=134.2s	134.2	 the shutdown on Friday. But what I saw and again, speaking only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=137.7s	137.7	 for myself here was absolutely terrifying up close and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=140.8s	140.8	 personally, watching people pulling money out of banks and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=144.0s	144.0	 watching people have to set up loans to hit their payroll. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=147.9s	147.9	 this was like one of those surreal moments in a in a movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=150.9s	150.9	 where like a meteor is coming towards earth and you see it in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=153.0s	153.0	 the telescope and nobody else sees it or only a small number of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=155.6s	155.6	 people in the observatory see it. And I think part of the reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=158.8s	158.8	 people listen to this podcast is because we are insiders and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=161.6s	161.6	 speaking again, just for myself, I'm always trying to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=164.2s	164.2	 exceptionally candid and transparent with the audience.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=167.4s	167.4	 Additionally, I make jokes. So sometimes you might laugh during
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=170.9s	170.9	 this podcast or you might laugh when you're reading my tweets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=174.9s	174.9	 And that's part of what I do. Now, I also realize that we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=178.7s	178.7	 an audience now that is larger than I think any of us expected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=182.0s	182.0	 for this podcast. I certainly magnitude larger than I expected.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=185.6s	185.6	 And frankly, I know if this podcast was going to make a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=187.6s	187.6	 past 50 or 100 episodes and my Twitter following count doubled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=191.9s	191.9	 since we started this podcast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=193.1s	193.1	 And that's because you tried to ruin the putt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=196.6s	196.6	 I think it was because of the caps locks. But anyway, putting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=198.8s	198.8	 all that aside, what I would like to say as well is like, we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=202.9s	202.9	 are living in a situation that is unprecedented. I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=207.2s	207.2	 alarm bell I sounded, you know, was because I saw a fire. We'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=211.6s	211.6	 get into the timeline here. But I sounded that alarm bell after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=214.7s	214.7	 Silicon Valley Bank was put into receivership. And when I saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=218.4s	218.4	 additional bank runs occurring, I wouldn't change it. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=221.6s	221.6	 these were the right the right thing to do was to inform folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=223.8s	223.8	 now I did use all caps, perhaps a little too much. That was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=226.7s	226.7	 little bit of a bit if people didn't understand that maybe I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=229.5s	229.5	 need to adjust my communication style now that this thing is so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=232.8s	232.8	 popular. But I stand by my mode of operating in the world, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=237.9s	237.9	 is I always want to be candid with people. I always want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=240.0s	240.0	 tell the truth. And yeah, sometimes I make jokes about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=243.6s	243.6	 life and, you know, dealing with these stressful situations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=247.0s	247.0	 That's it. It's not an apology. It's more of an explainer. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=251.5s	251.5	 yeah, maybe I need to adjust the caps lock or how I deliver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=254.6s	254.6	 stuff. But I stand by the message of what I said. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=257.0s	257.0	 think it's important for us to maybe look at the series of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=260.0s	260.0	 events and misinformation that has spread because there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=263.6s	263.6	 people literally blaming venture capitalists for the bank run.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=267.6s	267.6	 That is now systematic. And the balance sheets of multiple banks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=272.8s	272.8	 around the world. And I think that would be great for you to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=276.1s	276.1	 maybe just comment on the week that was and the timeline of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=278.9s	278.9	 events. Yeah, so as usual, you're not apologizing? No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=281.8s	281.8	 absolutely not apologizing, but we'll recognize that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=284.6s	284.6	 platform is bigger. And that maybe on the margins, I could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=287.4s	287.4	 adjust my communication strategy. But Chris, there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=290.2s	290.2	 lot of people who don't know that I make jokes. And maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=293.4s	293.4	 people don't understand when I'm joking and when I'm serious,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=295.8s	295.8	 right? And so Jason, what would you change? Was there anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=299.4s	299.4	 you change?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=302.4s	302.4	 I think I might not have used a Mad Max image and gif about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=307.4s	307.4	 end of the world. Because people are too stupid to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=310.1s	310.1	 understand that's a joke and a fictional movie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=312.4s	312.4	 I see. So you find yelling effective?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=315.4s	315.4	 It depends.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=316.3s	316.3	 Well, J Cal, I agree that I don't think you have anything to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=319.8s	319.8	 apologize for in terms of the substance of what you're trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=322.3s	322.3	 to get across. I personally could have done without the all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=324.9s	324.9	 caps. It was a bit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=326.8s	326.8	 Well, yeah, what you're basically saying is nobody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=328.5s	328.5	 should listen to you because you're not that important. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=332.3s	332.3	 wholeheartedly agree with that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=334.4s	334.4	 No, I'm saying understand I might make a joke. Consider me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=337.3s	337.3	 worried. Of course, of course category.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=339.6s	339.6	 Yeah, let's go back. Let's go back and look at the timeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=342.5s	342.5	 because there are now serious accusations and I would call it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=345.7s	345.7	 really scapegoating of and it wasn't just you. It was me and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=349.7s	349.7	 Bill Ackman. In fact, the Wall Street Journal editorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=352.1s	352.1	 board, which I respect a lot, mischaracterize what me and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=357.0s	357.0	 Ackman were trying to do in terms of drawing attention to a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=360.0s	360.0	 regional banking crisis in progress or run on the banks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=362.7s	362.7	 They called it spreading panic. I don't know how you tweet or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=367.2s	367.2	 publicly discuss a run on the bank that's currently happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=370.9s	370.9	 needs to be addressed with an immediate federal intervention.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=374.3s	374.3	 I don't know how you can discuss it without then having someone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=377.7s	377.7	 else mischaracterize it as trying to spread a panic. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=381.9s	381.9	 Jake, how the Wall Street Journal editorial board didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=384.2s	384.2	 mention you. So you're off the hook. They didn't know who you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=387.1s	387.1	 were. Thank you. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=389.4s	389.4	 Thank you. But no, but seriously, so I went back and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=391.6s	391.6	 looked at the timeline of all of this. And so first of all, we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=395.3s	395.3	 have to understand that this banking crisis now has swept in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=400.3s	400.3	 five banks, five bank failures. First there was Silvergate, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=403.6s	403.6	 everyone dismissed that because it was some weird crypto bank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=406.0s	406.0	 Then it was SVB, but everyone sort of dismissed it because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=408.8s	408.8	 they said it was based on panicky VCs rather than the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=411.5s	411.5	 systemic problem in the banking system. Then it was Signature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=414.9s	414.9	 Bank, which got seized on Sunday, which I think utterly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=417.8s	417.8	 refuted the idea that this was just a Silicon Valley problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=421.4s	421.4	 Then you had the Fed step in and backstop First Republic, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=426.6s	426.6	 would have been the next domino to fall if it wasn't backstopped.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=429.8s	429.8	 And then five, you had Credit Suisse, basically, again, avoid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=434.4s	434.4	 an outright failure because they got backstopped by the Swiss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=436.8s	436.8	 government. So we now have five banks in roughly a week. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=441.3s	441.3	 these are not small banks. Credit Suisse is a GSIB, a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=445.2s	445.2	 globally systemically important bank. And the other ones are top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=448.3s	448.3	 20, top 30 type banks, we're talking about hundreds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=450.2s	450.2	 billions of dollars in deposits. So clearly there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=452.6s	452.6	 larger phenomenon going on here. And frankly, it's being caused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=457.1s	457.1	 not by like anything VCs did, because VCs are just depositors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=461.2s	461.2	 where does one class of depositors and depositors are not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=464.4s	464.4	 to blame for what's going on here. What's going on is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=467.3s	467.3	 these banks have huge unrealized losses on their balance sheet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=472.2s	472.2	 And the losses have come from the sunspiken interest rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=475.4s	475.4	 That's what's going on. The sunspiken interest rates is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=478.2s	478.2	 because we've had the most rapid Fed tightening cycle in our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=480.5s	480.5	 lifetimes. In the last year, the Fed funds raised gone from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=483.7s	483.7	 roughly zero to almost 5%. That has broken a lot of things. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=488.2s	488.2	 the banks which have broken first are the ones that had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=490.7s	490.7	 pre existing problems. And they had a horrible risk management.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=495.6s	495.6	 But that's who gets broken first in a stress test, right is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=498.4s	498.4	 most poorly run banks, the ones with pre existing issues. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=501.4s	501.4	 just because they went first doesn't mean that others don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=505.2s	505.2	 have similar kinds of issues. Now, I'm not saying this in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=509.2s	509.2	 any way to be panicking with those banks will be fine. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=512.0s	512.0	 there are larger issues in the banking system that are worth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=514.2s	514.2	 talking about. And to the point about whether VCs could have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=517.1s	517.1	 spread this. Jay, you're absolutely right about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=519.6s	519.6	 timeline. I mean, I went back and checked. I personally never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=522.6s	522.6	 tweeted anything about SVB until Friday afternoon, when SVB was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=527.8s	527.8	 already in receivership and the run on the bank had already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=530.4s	530.4	 started with Signature and First Republic and we could see it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=532.5s	532.5	 with our own eyes. And then this pod didn't drop the one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=535.9s	535.9	 where we talked about this problem didn't drop until
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=538.0s	538.0	 Saturday morning when the banks were already closed. And by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=540.5s	540.5	 Sunday night, the Fed had acted and basically implemented our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=544.8s	544.8	 recommendations, which was to basically intervene. So I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=548.3s	548.3	 know how you can blame this search for scapegoats, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=551.4s	551.4	 is getting out of control. And it's just not factually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=553.4s	553.4	 accurate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=554.7s	554.7	 And you know, the it's convenient to make tech, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=557.6s	557.6	 is hated right now, Chamath and Friedberg, you know, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=560.2s	560.2	 scapegoat venture capital is obviously the part of tech that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=562.9s	562.9	 people might hate the most or the easiest target. But let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=566.6s	566.6	 talk about the Fed raised those rates because of inflation and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=571.2s	571.2	 inflation happened because of out of control spending due to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=574.1s	574.1	 COVID. And then the second administration, so you had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=577.5s	577.5	 Republican administration that spent a lot of money and then a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=579.5s	579.5	 Democratic administration, Chamath, that spent a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=582.2s	582.2	 money. So maybe we could even go backwards from Fed fund rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=586.6s	586.6	 going, you know, what looks like parabolic when you look at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=590.0s	590.0	 chart. Maybe you could speak to what got us to the Fed making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=593.6s	593.6	 those decisions Chamath or Friedberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=595.3s	595.3	 Maybe I can just do a little cleanup on what SAC said. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=598.9s	598.9	 think the issues at Credit Suisse are different than the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=602.6s	602.6	 issues at First Republic. And the issues at First Republic are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=605.6s	605.6	 different than those other three banks. The other three banks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=608.2s	608.2	 David, that you mentioned, Signature, Silicon Valley Bank,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=614.0s	614.0	 and Silvergate, all had very traditional liquidity crises,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=619.4s	619.4	 right? We talked about this last week, which is duration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=621.6s	621.6	 mismatching, where you have depositors who want their money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=624.7s	624.7	 today, but you have assets that mature in 10 years. And as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=631.0s	631.0	 result, you have huge unrealized losses if you all of a sudden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=634.2s	634.2	 cash them out today versus waiting 10 years. I think what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=638.1s	638.1	 happening at First Republic is really just about making sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=640.8s	640.8	 that that loan book and the depositors can get parked into a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=646.9s	646.9	 combination set of banks that can take care of the balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=650.1s	650.1	 sheet so that there are no more liquidity issues. At Credit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=654.0s	654.0	 Suisse, they have an enormous amount of liquidity. What that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=657.5s	657.5	 was, was I think a lot of speculation around whether they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=661.0s	661.0	 would default on their bonds or whether they would theoretically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=663.9s	663.9	 need more liquidity. But the balance sheet itself was not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=667.8s	667.8	 only liquid, but also very solvent. So I think that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=671.8s	671.8	 just more of a panicky reaction to comments from a 9.9%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=676.0s	676.0	 shareholder who just said that they can't put in any more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=679.5s	679.5	 equity. But even then I went back, this is the chairman of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=681.7s	681.7	 the Saudi National Bank. He was asked on Bloomberg, would you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=684.9s	684.9	 give Credit Suisse more money? And he had a very reasonable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=688.3s	688.3	 answer. But it was snapshot in a very awkward way. The first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=692.6s	692.6	 sentence was under no circumstances, would he do that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=695.9s	695.9	 Okay. Now, if you stop there, you could be panicked. But the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=699.1s	699.1	 rest of it made a lot of sense, which is he said, Look, in Saudi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=702.5s	702.5	 Arabia, if we go above 10%, we have to go through regulatory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=706.6s	706.6	 approvals domestically, and there are regulatory approvals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=709.5s	709.5	 abroad. That's a big hill to climb. And all of a sudden, it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=712.8s	712.8	 no longer becomes a financial investment, it becomes a somewhat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=715.8s	715.8	 political investment. And so we're very happy at 9.9%. That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=719.6s	719.6	 was the totality of his statement. But if you just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=721.6s	721.6	 cherry pick the first 45 seconds and ran with it, which people on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=724.7s	724.7	 the internet did, this is sort of what caused that second level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=728.5s	728.5	 wave panic at a GSIB. And then the Swiss National Bank stepped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=732.3s	732.3	 in. And I think that that panic has largely gone. Okay, so what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=736.4s	736.4	 is the real issue? The issue again, is I think we have had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=739.6s	739.6	 bit of supervisory failure here. Right? Because we all know this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=744.0s	744.0	 in any industry. If you let capitalism go totally unchecked,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=748.3s	748.3	 shareholders will demand immediate profits today. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=753.3s	753.3	 happens in every industry, except in ones where you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=757.1s	757.1	 basically gamble on future profits. And that's what tech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=759.7s	759.7	 does. But every other shareholder in every other asset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=763.3s	763.3	 class demands money today. And that's the same for banks. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=766.5s	766.5	 problem is the banks are a highly regulated business. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=769.8s	769.8	 are supposed to be supervised by the regulators. And this is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=774.6s	774.6	 very clear example where why is there not a real time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=779.0s	779.0	 spreadsheet? I mean, this is not complicated stuff, where assets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=783.1s	783.1	 and liabilities and duration mismatching can be known on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=786.0s	786.0	 real time basis where the San Francisco Fed, Mary Daly, should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=790.4s	790.4	 have a report that's escalated to her when SVB got over their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=794.8s	794.8	 ski tips, which they did in Q4 of 2022. So I think the real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=799.6s	799.6	 question that has to be examined is where were these folks for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=802.2s	802.2	 the last four months when they could have done something, not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=806.0s	806.0	 just about this, but rules in general for all banks that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=809.0s	809.0	 not the GSIBs. And I think that's a very important question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=812.0s	812.0	 that politicians need to get to the root of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=814.5s	814.5	 Friedberg, we discussed this article from Seeking Alpha,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=818.4s	818.4	 which came out on let me get the exact date here December 19.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=823.5s	823.5	 Title of this Seeking Alpha story is SVB financial colon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=828.0s	828.0	 blow up risk. And the summary in three bullet points says bullet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=833.8s	833.8	 point one potential losses in loan portfolios could severely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=836.3s	836.3	 impair book equity number two unrealized unrealized losses in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=840.6s	840.6	 hold to maturity portfolio already equal to book equity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=844.3s	844.3	 Number three funding environment for startups were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=846.8s	846.8	 pressure deposit base adding even more pressure to the balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=849.3s	849.3	 sheet. In other words, startups spending money to cover their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=851.5s	851.5	 burn rate. Friedberg. And obviously we had the Dodd-Frank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=855.8s	855.8	 rules lessened or loosened under the previous administration. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=861.2s	861.2	 that specifically was driven by Silicon Valley Bank that had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=863.6s	863.6	 big part in that. So looking back on this, and people do want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=867.3s	867.3	 to place blame. Let's talk about the effects that occurred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=870.8s	870.8	 because this was hiding in plain sight. Literally in December in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=874.9s	874.9	 an article that looks like it was written by somebody who went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=877.5s	877.5	 into a time machine and said, how do I warn people in December
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=880.6s	880.6	 about this? Maybe you could talk about the feds interest rates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=883.8s	883.8	 the spending and what led up to this look issue with the banks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=888.2s	888.2	 You guys remember when we started this podcast three years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=891.0s	891.0	 ago, we were like, they're gonna shut down the economy. There's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=895.5s	895.5	 gonna be crazy second and third order effects of doing that. No
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=898.2s	898.2	 one knows what they're gonna be. Here they are. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=901.5s	901.5	 that's like the root of what is a rippling effect. You can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=905.4s	905.4	 shut down the global economy and stop trade and stop people and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=911.8s	911.8	 have the government step in to write a giant check and not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=915.2s	915.2	 expect that you're going to have to cash that check at some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=917.3s	917.3	 point. That's effectively what I think we've been kicking down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=920.9s	920.9	 the road here. The way we initially tried to resolve the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=924.2s	924.2	 problem was to drop rates to zero, and then spend our way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=928.7s	928.7	 you know, back to a growing supported economy, and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=932.2s	932.2	 overshot ended up with, you know, too much stimulation, too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=936.6s	936.6	 much stimulus, too lower rates for too long, responded too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=940.7s	940.7	 quickly whiplash back. At the end of the day, there was a giant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=944.3s	944.3	 gaping hole blown into the global economy. When we shut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=948.5s	948.5	 down the world from COVID. There's no blame. It's just what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=952.9s	952.9	 happened. And when that happened, there was a massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=956.2s	956.2	 cost that had to be born at some point. And it's gonna get born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=960.8s	960.8	 at some point and the rippling in a pond, you don't know where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=965.2s	965.2	 the ripples gonna hit what part of the pond what leaves it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=967.5s	967.5	 gonna hit. That's what's going on still. And it's such a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=970.8s	970.8	 dynamical system. It's so hard to say with linear certainty,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=974.0s	974.0	 this is what should be done and what could have been done and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=976.5s	976.5	 what they should have done at the time. No one had that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=979.0s	979.0	 predictive capacity back then. They did what they needed to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=982.1s	982.1	 People thought that they should have dropped rates. They said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=985.2s	985.2	 we should have written all these big stimulus checks. Some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=987.0s	987.0	 people said you shouldn't. Some people said you did. Certainly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=990.6s	990.6	 Some people are being proven right and some people are being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=992.6s	992.6	 proven wrong. But at the end of the day, the economic loss that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=997.3s	997.3	 was realized at that period of time, we're still trying to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1000.8s	1000.8	 out of it and we're still recovering from it. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1002.3s	1002.3	 that's a big part of what's being eaten up right now. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1004.9s	1004.9	 you're going to see it in the wipeout of certain equity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1007.3s	1007.3	 you're going to see it in the wipeout of these banks, of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1012.1s	1012.1	 assets that they hold and these portfolios. And the effects of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1015.6s	1015.6	 that are obviously, you know, still being felt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1018.1s	1018.1	 Sacks, do you agree that mistakes that this there isn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1024.6s	1024.6	 somebody to blame because it is clear that the Fed said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1029.1s	1029.1	 inflation is transitory, that was wrong. And then they went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1033.4s	1033.4	 faster than in history to raise the rates. Those seem like two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1037.2s	1037.2	 glaring mistakes. And then the Todd, the Dodd, Frank loosening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1041.8s	1041.8	 under Trump and with Silicon Valley Bank pushing them. That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1044.6s	1044.6	 seemed like a really big mistake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1046.1s	1046.1	 By the way, I wasn't saying the Fed's not to blame for not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1048.2s	1048.2	 raising rates fast enough. That was because you guys remember I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1050.8s	1050.8	 was the first person to talk about what Stan Druckenmiller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1053.9s	1053.9	 had said that they're not raising rates fast enough that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1055.7s	1055.7	 we've got massive inflation, we should have been raising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1057.3s	1057.3	 rates. I was the first person on the show to be, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1059.7s	1059.7	 barking that. So don't forget, like I was there, like pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1064.0s	1064.0	 early. What I was pointing out was like we shut down the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1066.1s	1066.1	 economy during COVID. The global economy. That is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1070.5s	1070.5	 cannonball that got blown through the ship. Got it. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1073.0s	1073.0	 everything else is plumbing and patching and work to try and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1075.9s	1075.9	 keep the ship afloat. And we're still dealing with that. And at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1078.3s	1078.3	 the same time, as you guys know, we've been loading the ship up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1081.2s	1081.2	 with debt, the global ship, the global economy with debt, 360%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1085.9s	1085.9	 global debt to global GDP ratio right now. And as that ship has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1089.6s	1089.6	 gotten heavier and heavier to have a giant hole blown in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1092.2s	1092.2	 side while you're trying to do all this patchwork with all this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1094.0s	1094.0	 debt weighing on it. It's a critical challenge. And it's one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1097.9s	1097.9	 that we're feeling acutely here. They're feeling it in Europe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1100.1s	1100.1	 now. And we're certainly going to see the global
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1102.2s	1102.2	 ramifications as we try and fix this economic catastrophe that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1106.4s	1106.4	 was caused by COVID at the same time that we've been spending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1109.5s	1109.5	 our way into a happier future that it turns out we have to pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1113.8s	1113.8	 the bills for at some point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1115.2s	1115.2	 Sax, your response.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1116.8s	1116.8	 The question of who you blame for this banking crisis has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1118.9s	1118.9	 really become a political Rorschach test. And I've seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1121.7s	1121.7	 that there are six different parties that people want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1125.2s	1125.2	 blame in this situation. And there's some merit to all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1129.0s	1129.0	 them. But the degrees are very different. Number one, let's go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1132.4s	1132.4	 through them. Okay, number one, the bank management of all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1134.5s	1134.5	 different banks, clearly, very poor risk management didn't do a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1138.0s	1138.0	 good job. They are to blame. However, and Chamath is right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1142.2s	1142.2	 about these banks, they differ in the details. But the point is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1145.4s	1145.4	 that they're all operating under conditions of extreme stress.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1147.9s	1147.9	 Where did that come from? Number two, the feds rapid rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1151.0s	1151.0	 tightening cycle clearly, I think that the combination of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1155.4s	1155.4	 poor risk management with the spiking interest rates that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1158.7s	1158.7	 basically has precipitated this larger problem. Number three, is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1163.2s	1163.2	 I think the Biden administration spending which, in fairness,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1166.2s	1166.2	 started with COVID before Biden, but Biden really intensified it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1170.4s	1170.4	 And then I think it really compounded the problem in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1172.5s	1172.5	 summer of 2021, by claiming that inflation was transitory when it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1175.8s	1175.8	 wasn't. That allowed them to keep spending and keep printing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1179.2s	1179.2	 money and kept QE going for another six months that created
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1182.3s	1182.3	 the bubble of 2021. Everything got super frothy. And then that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1185.8s	1185.8	 made the rate height cycle even more vicious, because you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1191.0s	1191.0	 started six months later, they could have started six months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1193.2s	1193.2	 earlier, and it could have been more gradual. And I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1195.4s	1195.4	 really was a disaster for the economy. Okay, number four, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1199.3s	1199.3	 D reg in 2018, I think Elizabeth Warren, and Rokana have made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1203.7s	1203.7	 what I would call a compelling case that the D reg in 2018 have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1208.5s	1208.5	 contributed to this problem. I think, in hindsight, creating a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1212.3s	1212.3	 two tier system of banks, where one tier are the systemically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1216.0s	1216.0	 important banks who are completely guaranteed and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1218.2s	1218.2	 backstop by the federal government, and then a sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1221.4s	1221.4	 lower tier or second tier of regional banks was a poison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1224.9s	1224.9	 chalice for the regional banking system. Because in the short
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1228.8s	1228.8	 term, it meant they were more lightly regulated, which may be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1232.0s	1232.0	 appropriate for, you know, smaller banks that aren't these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1234.8s	1234.8	 mega banks. However, it has also now I think created a situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1238.4s	1238.4	 where people are less confident about them. And so the money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1241.4s	1241.4	 flows are going from the regional banks to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1244.3s	1244.3	 systemically important banks, the SIBs. So, like I said, it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1247.2s	1247.2	 might be a double edged sword. And I think we're gonna have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1249.3s	1249.3	 look at those regulations and figure out what's the right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1251.8s	1251.8	 regulatory regime to create confidence in the regional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1255.6s	1255.6	 banking system. We want a thriving regional banking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1257.9s	1257.9	 system. And so the question is, what's the right regulations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1261.0s	1261.0	 that get us there? And then the final two that we can talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1264.4s	1264.4	 later are I'm hearing wokeness getting blamed, which, listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1267.9s	1267.9	 I think that wokeness was a distraction. There was a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1270.5s	1270.5	 crazy programs happening at these banks. But listen, if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1273.4s	1273.4	 wokeness was the key factor, the whole fortune 500 would be out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1276.6s	1276.6	 of business because because they all do this stuff. They all do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1279.6s	1279.6	 this stuff. So I think I think we're going back to the well a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1281.8s	1281.8	 little too often on that critique. And I don't want I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1284.8s	1284.8	 don't want to burn that critique out because I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1287.4s	1287.4	 wokeness is bad, but it's not the key reason why this stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1290.6s	1290.6	 happened. And then the last group that gets wokeness, we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1293.8s	1293.8	 could also maybe frame it as ESG more broadly as the distraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1297.6s	1297.6	 because wokeness is charged. ESG is real.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1300.3s	1300.3	 Yeah, what I what I would say for sure is that if these banks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1302.8s	1302.8	 have spent as much time on risk management as they did on ESG or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1306.2s	1306.2	 on woke, then this crisis wouldn't happen. So definitely a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1309.4s	1309.4	 distraction, but not not the thing that like specifically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1312.2s	1312.2	 caused it. And then just the final thing is VCs. And I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1315.5s	1315.5	 can't fathom at this point, given the multiple bank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1318.9s	1318.9	 failures, given that we see the larger problem of unrealized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1321.3s	1321.3	 losses on bank balance sheets, that somehow any class of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1324.7s	1324.7	 depositors would be blamed for this that this makes no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1327.4s	1327.4	 sense to me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1328.0s	1328.0	 Chamath, I think the VC, the critique is specific to Silicon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1331.8s	1331.8	 Valley Bank, because I think and this article was in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1334.2s	1334.2	 Wall Street Journal. But what it shows is a really complicated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1338.2s	1338.2	 intertwined relationship between VCs and Silicon Valley Bank,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1341.6s	1341.6	 where, you know, VCs were given very cheap interest rate loans,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1346.0s	1346.0	 they were given GP call lines of credit, they were given LP lines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1349.6s	1349.6	 of credit. And then those same VCs would be directing their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1352.8s	1352.8	 companies to put their deposits inside of SVV, who would then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1355.9s	1355.9	 take those deposits and buy and buy risk. And while the reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1360.3s	1360.3	 is all of this stuff will come to light, because I think it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1362.5s	1362.5	 will get exposed as we go through congressional hearings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1364.9s	1364.9	 on all of this. But I think the I think pointing the finger at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1368.8s	1368.8	 VCs in this specific case is somewhat warranted, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1372.0s	1372.0	 there was a little bit of people working in lockstep together,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1374.9s	1374.9	 and there was a lack of functional responsibility around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1377.9s	1377.9	 how to be a true fiduciary. So if you come to a board, and your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1383.5s	1383.5	 founder is 22 years old, and you give that person 15 or $20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1387.6s	1387.6	 million, I think it makes a fair amount of sense that you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1391.4s	1391.4	 supposed to be the more sophisticated financial person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1395.7s	1395.7	 in that room. And if you have incentives that aren't properly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1400.0s	1400.0	 disclosed to that CEO, and now a set of decisions are made, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1404.4s	1404.4	 think that that there should be some accountability for that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1407.1s	1407.1	 or at least some exploration of why that happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1409.3s	1409.3	 I just want to make sure the audience understands this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1411.1s	1411.1	 because it is a bit in the weeds, and it's a bit inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1413.1s	1413.1	 baseball. What you're saying, Chamath is, if I can summarize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1416.7s	1416.7	 it, there are people who are the adults in the room, venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1419.6s	1419.6	 capitalists, they have deposits at Silicon Valley Bank, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1422.8s	1422.8	 also might have loans that are fantastic with Silicon Valley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1426.4s	1426.4	 Bank, I have a mortgage for this office from Silicon Valley Bank,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1429.4s	1429.4	 and I talked about how on the last episode, how great it is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1431.9s	1431.9	 they come, they open wine with you, it's white glove service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1433.9s	1433.9	 that you wouldn't get at another bank. And then they might have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1438.5s	1438.5	 loans against what's called the GP carry or the GP share, or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1443.6s	1443.6	 they might have mortgages. And so there's a conflict there. If
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1447.2s	1447.2	 you're a venture capitalist, and you're directing a 22 year old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1449.7s	1449.7	 CEO to Silicon Valley Bank, maybe you're doing that is, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1454.8s	1454.8	 guess you're saying could be explored. No, the bigger conflict
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1457.4s	1457.4	 of interest. And in some cases, Silicon Valley Bank is a limited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1460.4s	1460.4	 partner in all of these funds. My point is that all of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1463.0s	1463.0	 things. Okay, hold on, we have to explain that. So imagine a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1466.4s	1466.4	 situation, you go and start a fund, Silicon Valley Bank comes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1470.7s	1470.7	 to you and says, let me be a limited partner and invest with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1474.0s	1474.0	 you, let me give you some amount of money. I don't know where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1476.3s	1476.3	 that money comes from from Silicon Valley Bank. Well, let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1480.2s	1480.2	 be realistic, more like 25 50 million, 100 million. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1483.6s	1483.6	 this is a lot of money. So a million kind of is whitewashing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1486.3s	1486.3	 this problem. So you give them a reasonable amount of money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1489.6s	1489.6	 They're like, wow, I have tremendous loyalty for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1492.2s	1492.2	 Thank you. Well, do you need anything else? Do you need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1494.3s	1494.3	 personal loans? Do you need lines of credit for your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1496.4s	1496.4	 business? Sure, why not? I take those two. And invariably on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1500.8s	1500.8	 back end, now your loyalty obviously builds up again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1503.3s	1503.3	 nothing, none of this is wrong. But this is what's happening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1506.6s	1506.6	 And then you tell your companies to keep your deposits there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1509.2s	1509.2	 maybe the cash management program is not as strong as it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1511.8s	1511.8	 would have been if you were more circumspect and you didn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1514.2s	1514.2	 those incentives to direct people to one institution only.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1518.5s	1518.5	 In any other part of the market. So in the public markets, as an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1521.7s	1521.7	 example, there is such a bar for disclosure, okay, and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1526.4s	1526.4	 cannot stress this to you enough related party transactions, all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1529.2s	1529.2	 of this stuff, we have to tell everything not just for us. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1534.3s	1534.3	 even if our like sister or brother or mother may have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1537.7s	1537.7	 transaction with an entity that we're doing a deal with, and it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1540.8s	1540.8	 just isn't the case in private markets. And so it's not to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1544.4s	1544.4	 that anything untoward happened. But when people point the finger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1547.2s	1547.2	 at VCs, I think they are pointing to this whole set of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1550.7s	1550.7	 issues and asking the question, shouldn't there have been more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1553.9s	1553.9	 disclosure and transparency around it? And now that this has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1557.2s	1557.2	 come to pass, shouldn't we explore it? And I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1560.0s	1560.0	 what the Wall Street Journal did, they started pulling on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1562.5s	1562.5	 this sweater thread. And my guess is that you're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1565.6s	1565.6	 find a whole ball of yarn at the end of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1567.6s	1567.6	 Sax, what do you think of this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1568.9s	1568.9	 I think Schmoth makes a fair point that if VCs have SVB as an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1573.8s	1573.8	 investor, and then they're directing startups to use SVB,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1577.5s	1577.5	 that is a conflict that should be disclosed. By the way, we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1580.8s	1580.8	 never did either one of those things. We never had SVB as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1584.1s	1584.1	 limited partner. And we also never directed our startups to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1586.6s	1586.6	 bank at SVB. I don't know why we'd ever do that. Moreover, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1590.2s	1590.2	 always tried to talk founders out of taking venture debt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1592.9s	1592.9	 whether from SVB or elsewhere. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1595.2s	1595.2	 we'd be clear about that. And to be clear, I never directed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1598.1s	1598.1	 anybody to a specific bank. I know I was told people to get two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1601.0s	1601.0	 or three banks and have redundancy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1602.6s	1602.6	 Totally, totally. Yeah, totally. And look, founders have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1605.7s	1605.7	 multiple VCs typically on their board. So the idea that like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1608.4s	1608.4	 any one VC directs them, which bank to use, this is not, that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1611.9s	1611.9	 not realistically what happens at these startups. But look, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1616.2s	1616.2	 think Schmoth is right that when there is a bank failure or any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1620.0s	1620.0	 kind of failure this big, then all the practices are going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1622.6s	1622.6	 under a microscope, and there's going to be some scrutiny of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1624.6s	1624.6	 this. And maybe there should be. But my larger point is we're now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1628.7s	1628.7	 operating in an environment in which clearly there's a larger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1632.1s	1632.1	 set of stresses on the banking system. We've already had now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1635.4s	1635.4	 five bank failures or near failures. Moreover, do any of us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1639.2s	1639.2	 believe that this is over? Or do we believe there are more shoes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1642.6s	1642.6	 to drop? If we believe that there are more shoes to drop, we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1645.8s	1645.8	 may not know exactly what they are. But but I think all of us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1648.2s	1648.2	 probably believe that we're not the end of this. But but but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1651.0s	1651.0	 just to finish the thought, if we believe there will be more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1653.2s	1653.2	 shoes to drop, then clearly, the issues cannot just be limited to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1657.5s	1657.5	 Silicon Valley, they have to be a larger set of issues.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1660.5s	1660.5	 There, I think that it's important to understand the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1663.1s	1663.1	 facility that the Fed created. So what the Fed did this weekend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1668.3s	1668.3	 is essentially create a buyer of last resort again. Now, how did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1672.3s	1672.3	 they do this? So all of these banks basically had assets that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1676.6s	1676.6	 they bought for $1 and are now worth 95 cents. And that's what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1679.8s	1679.8	 creating this whole issue or 80 cents or 85 cents, you pick the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1682.6s	1682.6	 number, but they're not worth the dollar that they bought.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1685.4s	1685.4	 What the Fed basically said is, okay, give me that asset, give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1689.8s	1689.8	 me that bond, I will value it at $1 and I will give you $1 as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1694.4s	1694.4	 loan. And you will pay me interest. And the interest rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1698.2s	1698.2	 I think is what's called OIS. And they added 10 basis points
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1701.2s	1701.2	 on top. So I think it's about 4.9%. So what it allows all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1706.1s	1706.1	 these banks, and if you take all of the banks that are not the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1709.9s	1709.9	 top four in America, so the top four are JP Morgan, B of A,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1714.3s	1714.3	 Citi and Wells, so just ignore those for one second, the other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1716.9s	1716.9	 end banks, if you look at all of the assets that are underwater,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1721.4s	1721.4	 because of all the rate hikes that Sachs talked about, and you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1724.8s	1724.8	 add up all those losses, that is about $2 trillion. And the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1730.6s	1730.6	 didn't announce that there was a beginning and an end to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1734.6s	1734.6	 program other than saying these would be one year loans. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1738.9s	1738.9	 I think the exposure for the American banking system at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1742.2s	1742.2	 minimum is going to be this $2 trillion, because now the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1746.9s	1746.9	 incentive, if you're a banker right now running one of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1749.9s	1749.9	 banks that has not gone under, is to immediately go to the Fed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1755.2s	1755.2	 put all of those assets to them, get a loan, and now take that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1760.4s	1760.4	 and buy different assets, different bonds, different US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1764.2s	1764.2	 Treasuries that are yielding much more than what your old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1769.0s	1769.0	 Treasuries were yielding. And I think that's the arbitrage that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1772.2s	1772.2	 we've unfortunately created. And the other question now, though,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1776.1s	1776.1	 however, is, what does that mean for the top four banks? Right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1779.8s	1779.8	 Because if it's 2 trillion for everybody else, but the top four,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1783.6s	1783.6	 what's the gap for the top four? That looks like it's somewhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1786.8s	1786.8	 between a trillion and 2 trillion. So that's another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1790.7s	1790.7	 amount of money we're going to have to cover, the Fed will have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1792.8s	1792.8	 to backstop. And then, as Friedberg said, these checks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1797.5s	1797.5	 always come to what do we do in a year? Because in a year, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1803.5s	1803.5	 problem is, the only way to make the banks in a position to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1808.0s	1808.0	 repay this much money in one year, is to cut interest rates so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1812.9s	1812.9	 massively, that these assets massively inflate, and now all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1817.2s	1817.2	 a sudden, you're in a position to cover this. So it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1820.0s	1820.0	 described what that delta is, because it's about they're down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1823.0s	1823.0	 15%, 10% in book value, these longer term treasuries.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1826.9s	1826.9	 It depends on the security. Again, it depends on what they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1829.7s	1829.7	 bought, we don't really know enough detail. So I don't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1831.7s	1831.7	 to guess. But if you own these 10 year treasuries, you could be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1834.6s	1834.6	 off 10 or 15%. If you own mortgage backed securities, it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1838.1s	1838.1	 could be off a little bit more. If you own short term
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1840.2s	1840.2	 securities, they're off a little bit less. But these are with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1842.7s	1842.7	 government, you get a loan collateralized by these assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1846.0s	1846.0	 So you're still holding them, right? Yes. And they mature. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1849.3s	1849.3	 if the Fed takes an emergency posture and says, Okay, guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1852.9s	1852.9	 we want to avert a crisis in a year from now. And we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1856.4s	1856.4	 to cut rates, these assets that these banks own will be worth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1859.6s	1859.6	 more, which will allow them to repay the loan. As far as I can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1864.5s	1864.5	 tell, all we've done is we've kicked the can down the road for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1868.4s	1868.4	 a year. But I do think it's important for people to realize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1872.2s	1872.2	 this doesn't solve the problem. It just means that mark your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1875.6s	1875.6	 calendar for a year from now. We have a problem on March 15 to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1880.3s	1880.3	 2024. Because all those folks that took money, what do we do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1885.0s	1885.0	 Yeah, and so a year to work it out free, Bert would seem like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1889.0s	1889.0	 good idea, because the Fed is fighting inflation, they seem to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1894.3s	1894.3	 have gotten some portion of it under control. It's not out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1897.2s	1897.2	 control, right inflation. And maybe if they can slowly, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1901.5s	1901.5	 know, either start rate cuts or pause. So let's shift the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1905.1s	1905.1	 discussion to hey, what are the changes we need to make to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1908.8s	1908.8	 system? And how do we think this plays out over the next year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1911.8s	1911.8	 Free bird. Chamath had one suggestion, which was all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1915.6s	1915.6	 these banks should have a disclosure statement, mark to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1918.6s	1918.6	 market every day, week, month, quarter, whatever it is, just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1922.0s	1922.0	 like circles USDC, their stable coin has a page with their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1926.6s	1926.6	 disclosures of all their holdings. So that seems to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1929.2s	1929.2	 very productive one, we should have them mark to market the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1932.0s	1932.0	 Dodd-Frank stuff, as sac said, you know, Elizabeth Warren,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1935.8s	1935.8	 probably correct, we need to reverse that. So those are two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1938.6s	1938.6	 very tangible suggestions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1940.2s	1940.2	 What are your real time dashboard, we need to have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1943.0s	1943.0	 real time dashboard at every single Fed that allows them for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1948.0s	1948.0	 every bank that they supervise to know in real time, they can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1951.8s	1951.8	 choose to ignore it. I'm not sure that should be true. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1956.0s	1956.0	 they are their supervisors, they should see it, they should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1959.4s	1959.4	 choose to ignore it. But they should not not have it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1963.0s	1963.0	 Freeburg, what are your suggestions going forward as to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1965.8s	1965.8	 how we can learn from this situation? Forget about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1969.6s	1969.6	 cannonball, as you vividly expressed there, I think very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1973.0s	1973.0	 well, great analogy. But just going forward, how do we keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1977.4s	1977.4	 the ship from taking on water, if we do have a cannonball hit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1982.5s	1982.5	 it again?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1983.8s	1983.8	 Now we got a hard, that's a hard equation to solve. We got a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1988.1s	1988.1	 lot of time asking you, that's why I'm asking you a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1992.3s	1992.3	 demands for money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1994.5s	1994.5	 You guys see, I think there's a lot of things that are seem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=1998.8s	1998.8	 unrelated that are all pretty related right now. There's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2002.3s	2002.3	 massive protest underway by labor in France. There's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2007.2s	2007.2	 massive protest underway in the Netherlands. There's strikes on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2012.0s	2012.0	 the underground in London. When we talk about global debt, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2016.6s	2016.6	 US debt, we often, I don't think account for all the debt, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2021.4s	2021.4	 also includes promissory obligations made to a workforce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2025.3s	2025.3	 global workforce that's been working for decades.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2028.0s	2028.0	 Individuals that have spent their whole lives committed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2031.9s	2031.9	 some company or to some government working with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2034.6s	2034.6	 expectation that they're going to retire and have some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2036.5s	2036.5	 benefits paid to them. And there's this massive underfunding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2040.3s	2040.3	 of those benefits and those pools of capital, we very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2043.2s	2043.2	 quickly talk about unfunded pension liabilities. But when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2046.7s	2046.7	 you actually kind of account for the number of people and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2051.2s	2051.2	 amount of capital that those people are expecting that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2054.1s	2054.1	 workforce, the global workforce is expecting to be paid to them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2056.5s	2056.5	 in retirement, both public and private. It's a massive amount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2061.9s	2061.9	 of money that's not funded today. And you start to see the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2065.2s	2065.2	 cracks in the system. When that population says, my pension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2071.2s	2071.2	 payments are not keeping up with interest with inflation, or when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2075.7s	2075.7	 there's a threat that pension payments or retirement benefits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2078.6s	2078.6	 are going to kick in at a later age, or you're not going to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2081.1s	2081.1	 them fast enough, you're not going to get as many as you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2082.6s	2082.6	 thought you were going to get. We have that problem in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2084.7s	2084.7	 United States in the form of social security and these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2086.6s	2086.6	 underfunded pension liabilities. That is the critical macro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2090.5s	2090.5	 tension in this equation that I think drives the real problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2096.8s	2096.8	 that's going to come to a head at some point, we blew a hole in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2099.6s	2099.6	 the in the in the boat. But we're also forgetting that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2102.8s	2102.8	 there's like a massive amount of weight that's going to drop on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2105.4s	2105.4	 the boat. And I think that it's a really hard equation to solve,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2109.9s	2109.9	 we can talk about keeping banks solvent and all this sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2112.4s	2112.4	 stuff. At the end of the day, the central bank it appears in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2114.3s	2114.3	 the United States and probably globally, it's going to be one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2116.5s	2116.5	 big bang, right? They're basically going to take on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2119.1s	2119.1	 whole balance sheet themselves. And, and at the same time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2123.2s	2123.2	 you've got a lot of folks saying, I want to get paid more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2126.7s	2126.7	 I have obligations due to me. And guess what, you know, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2131.4s	2131.4	 to your important statements historically about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2134.8s	2134.8	 importance of democracies. Ultimately, you know, the members
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2138.7s	2138.7	 of that democracy are going to say, this is a benefit that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2142.3s	2142.3	 majority are owed. And that's going to pull things out. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2145.8s	2145.8	 the only stopgap, I'll just say one thing, the only stopgap in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2149.2s	2149.2	 the next decade is going to be significantly higher tax rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2152.1s	2152.1	 in the United States. I don't see how you're going to fulfill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2156.4s	2156.4	 the tension gap that's underway right now, with respect to where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2159.4s	2159.4	 productivity is going, where capital markets are going, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2162.0s	2162.0	 where the demands are on the system from people requiring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2165.4s	2165.4	 additional capital to come out to them without taxing assets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2169.3s	2169.3	 away from the asset holders. So this would be corporations and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2173.0s	2173.0	 high net worth people. And I think that's why you see this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2175.0s	2175.0	 Biden proposal. We may not like it. But at the end of the day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2179.1s	2179.1	 it's going to be the only way to create a stopgap that's that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2181.8s	2181.8	 going to avoid massive inflation in the near term.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2183.8s	2183.8	 Reducing the Biden proposal. Hold on, hold on one second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2187.5s	2187.5	 Let me just say the only other way the only other I'll just say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2189.7s	2189.7	 one more thing, Jake, I mean, the only other way besides, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2193.6s	2193.6	 know, a massive long term tax regime to fill the hole would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2197.2s	2197.2	 be some extraordinary productivity gain. And this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2199.8s	2199.8	 where we can all have a hope and a dream and an investment and an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2202.0s	2202.0	 effort around technology, AI automation, people think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2206.2s	2206.2	 they're energy job, energy, but if you can get energy down below
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2210.6s	2210.6	 three cents a kilowatt hour, and you can scale its production by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2213.6s	2213.6	 tenfold, if you can automate a lot of labor, if you can get AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2217.5s	2217.5	 to do a lot of stuff that we do today, productivity will go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2220.2s	2220.2	 through the roof, the economy will grow fast enough to get out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2222.6s	2222.6	 of the debt bubble and meet all of these liability obligations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2225.4s	2225.4	 So there are three ways.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2227.0s	2227.0	 Yes, I think I think to me, to me, that's the long term, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2230.4s	2230.4	 medium term is going to be this tax stopgap is very high tax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2234.0s	2234.0	 stopgap. And then the short term is going to be all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2236.0s	2236.0	 shenanigans that we're talking about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2237.2s	2237.2	 Okay, I'll go to you in a second sack. So just to recap, there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2240.4s	2240.4	 actually a third way to there are three ways productivity, as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2243.5s	2243.5	 you very astutely point out, and we just highlighted some of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2247.8s	2247.8	 ways productivity could help, whether it's energy, AI, etc. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2251.7s	2251.7	 second is, of course, increasing taxation on the people who are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2255.5s	2255.5	 at the top of the pile would be the likely solution. The third
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2258.4s	2258.4	 is also austerity cutting spending in some way. But let me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2262.0s	2262.0	 also propose one thing here, as we look forward to what do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2266.1s	2266.1	 people want out of a bank? And how should startups or just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2270.1s	2270.1	 individuals deal with bank runs and their trust in banks to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2273.1s	2273.1	 Trimot's point? I've been I was thinking about this over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2275.9s	2275.9	 weekend, and then this discussion that we would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2278.1s	2278.1	 based on a lot of things you said, sacks, which was people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2280.9s	2280.9	 just deposited their money, and they don't have the ability to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2283.4s	2283.4	 assess if a bank is solvent, because the FDIC can't do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2288.2s	2288.2	 And it's their full time job. It's their mandate to make sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2291.0s	2291.0	 these banks are solvent. So how is a consumer going to be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2293.5s	2293.5	 do that? Or even a startup founder, or even a sophisticated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2296.0s	2296.0	 investor, like Ackman, or any of us, if we're sophisticated. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2300.3s	2300.3	 let me pause for a second here and posit something. We don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2303.9s	2303.9	 want a bank, we want a bank vault. Consumers do not want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2309.6s	2309.6	 their deposits to be used for shenanigans. Just like many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2314.4s	2314.4	 people would rather pay for a social network than have their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2317.9s	2317.9	 privacy data sold. So I think we should bifurcate banks into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2322.7s	2322.7	 bank vaults, and banks, banks can do what they want with your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2326.1s	2326.1	 deposits, you get free checking. But what I want in a bank, what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2329.2s	2329.2	 I want my startups to use, what I want my venture firm to use is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2332.2s	2332.2	 I want to pay the bank for services, whether it's 10 basis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2336.0s	2336.0	 points, 25 basis points, $500 a month, I would rather see my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2340.5s	2340.5	 startups pay $1,000 a month in banking fees, $2,000 a month on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2344.9s	2344.9	 banking fees for $2 million, whatever it is, and pay for each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2349.0s	2349.0	 check, pay for wires, pay for white glove service, whatever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2351.4s	2351.4	 they choose, but not allow the banks to take that money and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2355.3s	2355.3	 loan it out or do things with it. I just want a vault. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2358.6s	2358.6	 think a vault service is what the majority of consumers want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2362.2s	2362.2	 And given what we're seeing with two insane bank run bailouts in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2366.7s	2366.7	 our lifetimes as adults, for those of us who are in Gen X,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2369.8s	2369.8	 2008, and now, we would rather pay for services. And I leave it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2373.9s	2373.9	 to you, Sachs, is this a potential solution? Because I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2376.3s	2376.3	 don't hear anybody saying, give me a bank vault. And why does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2379.6s	2379.6	 that service not exist in the world?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2381.8s	2381.8	 Yeah, look, what people really want are they want a service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2384.6s	2384.6	 provider who gives them the ability to make payments, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2387.5s	2387.5	 if you're a small business is payroll and payables, things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2390.2s	2390.2	 like that. They want a money market fund to basically earn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2394.8s	2394.8	 interest. And, and they want all that to be safe. I mean, it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2399.3s	2399.3	 it's very simple. The idea that when you go open a checking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2403.4s	2403.4	 account at a bank, that you are making an unsecured loan to that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2408.2s	2408.2	 bank, that is not something that any consumer or small business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2411.4s	2411.4	 understands. That whole model, I think, is completely obsolete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2414.5s	2414.5	 and outdated. And what I heard so many people say, and I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2418.6s	2418.6	 this is not sincere, I think it's just because they hate tech,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2421.7s	2421.7	 is that depositors should take it on the chin. Because somehow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2425.9s	2425.9	 they made a stupid decision when they opened a checking account.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2429.3s	2429.3	 It's like, are you kidding me? Listen, what do you want the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2431.9s	2431.9	 process to be? You want consumers and small businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2435.8s	2435.8	 when they open a bank account to have to review the financial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2438.1s	2438.1	 statements of that bank, try to figure out all their disclosures,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2441.9s	2441.9	 where their assets are, whether they have toxic assets on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2444.8s	2444.8	 books. And if they don't do a good enough job doing that, if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2448.0s	2448.0	 they're not smart enough to do that, then you want them to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2450.8s	2450.8	 disciplined. This is the word that I kept heard being used is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2454.3s	2454.3	 we need to discipline the depositors. The depositors are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2457.9s	2457.9	 not in a position to evaluate the balance sheet of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2462.2s	2462.2	 banks. That's what the feds are supposed to do. That's what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2464.6s	2464.6	 regulators are supposed to do. That's what Moody's is supposed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2467.0s	2467.0	 to do. You're telling me that a bank that had an A rating from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2470.1s	2470.1	 Moody's the week before, and had an FDIC seal of approval, that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2474.0s	2474.0	 somehow they got it wrong, and the feds got it wrong, but the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2477.4s	2477.4	 customer is supposed to get it right. I mean, come on, that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2480.1s	2480.1	 ridiculous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2481.1s	2481.1	 In related news, Chamath, I would like an airbag in my cars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2484.2s	2484.2	 to protect my family. But I don't want to evaluate the airbag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2488.1s	2488.1	 technology and unpack it and make sure that it's got the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2491.1s	2491.1	 right CO2 carcass in it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2492.0s	2492.0	 Right. Jay, let me finish the point. It's about consumer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2496.1s	2496.1	 protection here. And I don't care who the depositor is, if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2500.1s	2500.1	 the banking system is going down, because the feds haven't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2502.9s	2502.9	 done their job. I mean, pal, two days before the bank failures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2506.6s	2506.6	 was testifying that he didn't see stress in the banking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2509.4s	2509.4	 system. So either he was lying or asleep at the wheel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2512.5s	2512.5	 Sleep at the wheel. Like I said, the feds had given the seal of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2515.4s	2515.4	 approval to SVB and all these other banks, they had all passed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2518.6s	2518.6	 the regulatory exams. And so to now put it on the depositor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2522.5s	2522.5	 when the fed screws up, and the regulators screw up, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2526.0s	2526.0	 Washington screws up by printing all this money and creating this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2529.4s	2529.4	 inflation that we've had, again, out of all the six parties that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2532.8s	2532.8	 you could blame, I just think it's the least culpable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2535.9s	2535.9	 Chamath, should there be a service that provides no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2540.0s	2540.0	 interest, but is just a custodian of money that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2544.0s	2544.0	 absolutely protected? Where is the bank vault product in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2547.0s	2547.0	 world? Does it exist? Because I can't seem to find it. Some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2549.4s	2549.4	 people seem to say I think Freeberg, you alluded to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2551.4s	2551.4	 maybe in the group chat, that if you have a brokerage account,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2554.2s	2554.2	 that's kind of similar to what I'm saying, but it doesn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2556.8s	2556.8	 it. I don't want any interest. I don't need any interest for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2560.2s	2560.2	 putting this money in the bank for a startup. They're not in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2562.7s	2562.7	 the business of making one to 5% and optimizing for that. I have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2566.1s	2566.1	 founders who are now sending me five page memos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2569.6s	2569.6	 If they can't if the bank if yeah, if the bank can't use your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2572.5s	2572.5	 money, they're going to charge you. So remember,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2575.2s	2575.2	 I want to be charged. That's the service I know. But I think this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2578.1s	2578.1	 is an important point. A bank is a service provider. They spend a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2581.5s	2581.5	 lot of money building technology, having people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2583.5s	2583.5	 work there providing service and infrastructure. So for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2586.3s	2586.3	 services that they're offering, if you're not going to let them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2589.2s	2589.2	 use your money to make investments with your money, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2591.6s	2591.6	 they can participate on that game, they have to charge you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2594.3s	2594.3	 They charge you. And I think that's really worth that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2597.4s	2597.4	 Freeburg is not a service provider under the current laws.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2599.8s	2599.8	 You understand how it works now is that what we're being told is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2603.5s	2603.5	 that when you went to the bank thinking you were just getting a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2606.0s	2606.0	 service provider, and frankly, largely a commodity service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2608.7s	2608.7	 provider, you're getting a fund manager.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2611.5s	2611.5	 Yes. And you're being told that you actually made a risky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2614.6s	2614.6	 investment decision. Think about that. When you open a checking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2617.4s	2617.4	 account, you weren't just trying to, you know, again, use a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2620.5s	2620.5	 vendor, you were actually making a risky investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2622.9s	2622.9	 decision. That's what they're trying to say. And you deserve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2625.0s	2625.0	 to lose your money if you chose poorly, even though nobody else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2629.4s	2629.4	 could figure it out. None of the experts could figure it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2631.1s	2631.1	 None of the regulators could figure it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2632.0s	2632.0	 You should talk about the challenges of your system to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2634.6s	2634.6	 someone who lives in Argentina. It's far worse in other parts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2637.5s	2637.5	 the world. And we've come a long way in the last 100 years. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2639.5s	2639.5	 talked about 500 or 600 bank failures on average per year in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2642.7s	2642.7	 the 1920s. So I'm not saying that, hey, that's not the case.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2645.5s	2645.5	 But there's always been to some degree risk when people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2647.8s	2647.8	 giving their capital over to someone else. And we've certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2650.7s	2650.7	 made huge strides in progress. But I think Jake, out to your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2653.3s	2653.3	 point, you know, there is a point of privilege now that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2656.2s	2656.2	 people are saying I want to have a position where I know that my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2658.6s	2658.6	 money is not going to get used, not going to get moved, going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2661.3s	2661.3	 be completely safe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2662.6s	2662.6	 In a democracy, what's the price free birth? What would you pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2665.8s	2665.8	 for that? Because right now, we're basically giving every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2668.3s	2668.3	 crypto entrepreneur at zealot, you know, basically the high
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2672.2s	2672.2	 ground because they could make this product. I would pay 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2674.8s	2674.8	 basis points literally $10,000 a year per million. Is that right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2678.3s	2678.3	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2678.8s	2678.8	 Remember when you thought Jeff Bezos was going to be president?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2682.1s	2682.1	 I still think it's a distinct possibility. Anyway, what would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2685.2s	2685.2	 you pay for this product? Just a chamath or like Bloomberg or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2689.2s	2689.2	 Bezos?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2689.8s	2689.8	 I don't want to speculate on new products. It's kind of a dumb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2694.4s	2694.4	 tangent. I think the thing that you're bringing up though is dumb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2697.6s	2697.6	 tangent. Okay. Why doesn't a product like this exist? And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2702.7s	2702.7	 think that it was very well explained. It's that every for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2706.8s	2706.8	 profit business is in the business of making money. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2709.8s	2709.8	 there are physical costs that you have to bear. In the case of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2713.1s	2713.1	 a bank, there's physical infrastructure, literally bricks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2716.0s	2716.0	 and mortar that go into making the branches, there are lots of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2719.2s	2719.2	 people, there is lots of software, there's lots of complex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2723.0s	2723.0	 back office and middle office things that banks have to do in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2725.6s	2725.6	 order to accept money that has a cost. So I don't see how it will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2730.9s	2730.9	 be very easy for somebody to create a bank that just stores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2735.9s	2735.9	 your money for you without you being charged quite a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2739.3s	2739.3	 money. Unfortunately, I think that there has to be a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2743.5s	2743.5	 way to solve this problem. And I think that what we did after the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2747.4s	2747.4	 great financial crisis was the regulators wrote down all kinds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2752.1s	2752.1	 of new rules. But the crazy thing in 2008, where those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2756.9s	2756.9	 rules were written on paper. And now we're in 2023. And these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2761.8s	2761.8	 rules can be written in software. And so I think what it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2766.0s	2766.0	 requires is some amount of tactical real time intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2771.8s	2771.8	 that regulators need to have over those that they regulate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2776.6s	2776.6	 And I don't know why we're so afraid of demanding that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2779.7s	2779.7	 next time some of these complicated real time laws are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2783.7s	2783.7	 written in law that they also need to get written in code. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2788.1s	2788.1	 I think that that's a practical solution. It should be the case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2792.2s	2792.2	 that every bank that's supervised by the Fed has a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2795.6s	2795.6	 dashboard that has all of the key levers that allows what you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2799.5s	2799.5	 said Jason to happen, which is a real time mark to market. Should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2802.8s	2802.8	 those or should those be dis or should they not be disclosed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2805.4s	2805.4	 shareholders? That's a different discussion. But the regulators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2808.7s	2808.7	 should have 100% transparency into how these organizations run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2812.2s	2812.2	 because as Sack said, they are an enormously critical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2816.2s	2816.2	 institution that at best case after this fiasco, what we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2819.6s	2819.6	 realized is very poorly misunderstood by consumers. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2824.4s	2824.4	 that at the worst case is being mismarketed to us. Yeah, and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2829.0s	2829.0	 think that shouldn't be allowed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2831.0s	2831.0	 We're also missing the other side of the balance sheet. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2833.4s	2833.4	 haven't talked about it at all. But banks play a really critical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2836.7s	2836.7	 and important role as lenders. Banks act as the channel for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2841.5s	2841.5	 lending capital to small businesses for lending capital to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2844.2s	2844.2	 individuals to buy homes. It's the primary place where capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2849.3s	2849.3	 is provided to help fuel economic growth and prosperity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2853.5s	2853.5	 particularly in the United States where we have such a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2855.7s	2855.7	 liquid fluid and available mortgage market to support home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2858.7s	2858.7	 buying in America. And the absence of, you know, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2862.6s	2862.6	 what you're talking about, having the ability to use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2865.8s	2865.8	 deposits to make loans, and have what banks have fundamentally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2869.7s	2869.7	 been in this country for over 100 years, which is taking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2872.3s	2872.3	 short term deposits to make long term loans, and making sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2875.4s	2875.4	 that there's some degree of balance and availability of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2877.2s	2877.2	 liquidity to support transactions. And ultimately,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2879.6s	2879.6	 mortgage securities came out of the need to generate more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2882.8s	2882.8	 liquidity by banks to support depositors. And obviously, there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2885.7s	2885.7	 was all these inflationary things that happened in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2887.3s	2887.3	 market and bubbles that happened. But it's an important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2890.1s	2890.1	 role that banks play. And the lending aspect of banks, if it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2892.9s	2892.9	 gets stifled too much, because we swing too far the other way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2896.3s	2896.3	 it can actually have a really adverse effect on economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2898.5s	2898.5	 growth and prosperity, and the ability for people to afford
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2901.5s	2901.5	 homes in this country. So that's the other side of the coin and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2904.2s	2904.2	 where things can go bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2905.0s	2905.0	 So this is where I find like the the current banking model to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2908.6s	2908.6	 sort of like weird and maybe obsolete, and definitely not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2912.2s	2912.2	 what consumers expect. So for example, if you go to a bank,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2915.7s	2915.7	 and you put your money in a deposit account, and then they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2917.6s	2917.6	 loan it out to make mortgages, do you realize that you're an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2921.8s	2921.8	 investor in those mortgages as the as the depositor? I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2924.9s	2924.9	 think you do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2926.2s	2926.2	 What they what they do is they take those mortgages sacks, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2929.6s	2929.6	 package them up, they sell them, and they get an origination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2933.2s	2933.2	 fee, and they get the money back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2934.6s	2934.6	 Not always.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2935.2s	2935.2	 They're not always. Maybe they should be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2937.6s	2937.6	 Maybe they should have to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2938.5s	2938.5	 B of A Wells Fargo do not exactly. So B of A Wells Fargo,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2941.2s	2941.2	 for example, they do a lot of that. But if you look at First
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2944.4s	2944.4	 Republic, they have a $90 billion loan portfolio on their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2946.6s	2946.6	 balance sheet, that they've not packaged up and sold. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2950.0s	2950.0	 packaging and selling of mortgages generated the liquidity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2952.6s	2952.6	 that the banks needed. But there's a cost to that. So a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2955.0s	2955.0	 of banks will try and balance out their loan portfolio where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2957.6s	2957.6	 they'll package some of it up and sell it. But when they do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2960.0s	2960.0	 that, they take a loss or they pay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2961.7s	2961.7	 Maybe they should be required to do that. Because that might be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2964.0s	2964.0	 because because I mean, look, to the point about mark to market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2966.6s	2966.6	 assets, it's very hard to mark an asset to market unless it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2970.9s	2970.9	 liquid and publicly traded.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2972.3s	2972.3	 Let me give you an economic point. I think that there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2973.8s	2973.8	 about $7 trillion in deposits in banks. So if what you guys are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2976.6s	2976.6	 saying happened, you're basically sucking $7 trillion out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2980.4s	2980.4	 of the system that's being used to fuel purchasing in the form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2983.7s	2983.7	 of loans. And you're taking that set or call it a 10% discount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2987.3s	2987.3	 to that. So about call it $6 trillion. And you're saying we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2990.4s	2990.4	 got to go find a market for $6 trillion of loans. And then we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2994.4s	2994.4	 going to have $6 trillion of cash sitting in a bank account
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=2997.3s	2997.3	 doing nothing. And that that challenges the way that cash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3000.3s	3000.3	 will go into money market funds. So in other words, like you'd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3002.6s	3002.6	 package up all those mortgage bonds, you create a mortgage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3004.7s	3004.7	 bond security. And then if consumers if depositors want that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3008.5s	3008.5	 product, they'll just buy it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3009.6s	3009.6	 What is the money?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3010.2s	3010.2	 Hold on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3012.5s	3012.5	 Yeah, but what is the money market? It ends up being the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3014.7s	3014.7	 same thing where money is you earn interest on cash that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3018.1s	3018.1	 being used to make investments elsewhere. So if you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3021.0s	3021.0	 earn interest on your cash, it has to be loaned out somewhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3023.7s	3023.7	 to someone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3024.4s	3024.4	 I understand. But what I'm saying is, look, I'm just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3027.0s	3027.0	 brainstorming here. I don't, you know, I don't have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3030.4s	3030.4	 spitballing. Yes, exactly. I'm not saying this is what should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3032.8s	3032.8	 be done. I'm just kind of asking whether it might make more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3034.9s	3034.9	 sense. What if on the depositors side, all of the things you put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3038.6s	3038.6	 your money in are money market funds. And then when the bank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3041.1s	3041.1	 goes out and does its lending business, it does ultimately at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3044.0s	3044.0	 some point have to package those up and they get turned into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3046.8s	3046.8	 securities, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3048.9s	3048.9	 but money market funds. You know where that cash goes when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3052.5s	3052.5	 invest in a money market fund, you're giving that money to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3055.6s	3055.6	 someone who's using it to make a loan. Like it is also I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3058.2s	3058.2	 understand, but then the deposit would never be marked to market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3061.1s	3061.1	 as taxes point would never be a risk. It would never be a risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3063.7s	3063.7	 of bank failure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3064.2s	3064.2	 I just want to give you're shifting the risk equation to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3067.0s	3067.0	 fund manager, the money market instead of the manager of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3069.0s	3069.0	 bank. And at the end of the day, that money has to be loaned out by someone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3072.0s	3072.0	 Just the owner of that security, that money market fund, that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3076.2s	3076.2	 would take the hit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3077.3s	3077.3	 Okay, just as we wrap here, because I'm going to talk on some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3079.5s	3079.5	 other issues as well. There's two things that are super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3081.9s	3081.9	 tangible that founders can do right now are people who want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3086.0s	3086.0	 mitigate against these kind of issues. There's something called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3089.7s	3089.7	 ICS, insured cash sweeps. These are accounts that automatically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3094.0s	3094.0	 you know, will put your money into multiple FDI insured
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3097.8s	3097.8	 institutions, 250k at a time, we talked about this previously.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3102.4s	3102.4	 There's a bunch of folks doing that in FinTech. I won't give any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3105.6s	3105.6	 of them free plugs here, but you can just go look and search for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3109.0s	3109.0	 ICS. There is also maybe some thought here that the FDIC 250k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3113.9s	3113.9	 limit, maybe that's outdated, certainly for businesses, it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3116.9s	3116.9	 so maybe that should double or triple. And obviously, that cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3119.7s	3119.7	 would be spread out. And then finally, you can go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3122.6s	3122.6	 treasurydirect.gov right now and buy short term government debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3125.2s	3125.2	 And I literally have startups doing this who have major
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3127.4s	3127.4	 treasuries. They're going there and buying short duration stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3130.3s	3130.3	 themselves holding it themselves. So they don't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3133.6s	3133.6	 to worry. This is part of this provided by the government is my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3137.2s	3137.2	 understanding and people are buying direct from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3141.5s	3141.5	 government.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3142.1s	3142.1	 I personally am not a fan of startups buying t bills because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3146.7s	3146.7	 of the duration mismatch problem. They always underestimate when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3150.4s	3150.4	 they're going to need their cash. And so I don't like tying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3154.0s	3154.0	 up cash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3155.3s	3155.3	 This is if you had a giant treasury.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3157.0s	3157.0	 Yeah, but they always get it wrong. I see this all the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3161.2s	3161.2	 Whenever they try to say when startups try to create laddered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3164.0s	3164.0	 bond portfolios, they end up needing the money sooner than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3166.8s	3166.8	 they thought. What I'd much rather see startup do is buy 100%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3171.0s	3171.0	 US t bill backed money market fund run by the absolute biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3175.7s	3175.7	 of the big financial institutions, because you can get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3179.2s	3179.2	 in and out of it at any time you want and without paying a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3181.8s	3181.8	 fee. And that's so much better than trying to manage your own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3183.7s	3183.7	 bond portfolio. Let a professional fund manager do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3186.9s	3186.9	 Well, there are people who do provide these kind of bond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3189.5s	3189.5	 ladders. I'm just telling you what the best practice advice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3192.2s	3192.2	 going around.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3192.8s	3192.8	 Why don't you just buy a ticker symbol through like brokerage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3195.5s	3195.5	 account?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3195.8s	3195.8	 Sure. Or multiple ones, right? And but now this is I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3199.7s	3199.7	 speaks to Chamath. The fact that we have startup founders and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3204.2s	3204.2	 people having to measure manage a treasury this granularly is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3209.8s	3209.8	 this a failure? Or is this what should be happening? Should we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3213.4s	3213.4	 have to have treasuries in the 10 million or $20 million range
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3216.8s	3216.8	 be this granularly managed? Or should this just be FDIC? FDIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3223.4s	3223.4	 rates, you know, should be just 10x?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3225.7s	3225.7	 Well, in the absence of regular regulatory changes that protect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3229.4s	3229.4	 this money, you need to have a financially sophisticated actor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3233.6s	3233.6	 on the board. And again, I go back to that should be your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3236.8s	3236.8	 venture capitalist. And that person should not have conflicts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3241.8s	3241.8	 of interest with the banks that they direct you to. I mean, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3245.1s	3245.1	 don't think that that's a very controversial statement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3248.2s	3248.2	 Yeah, it's just not happening. And I am just flabbergasted that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3252.6s	3252.6	 people are not even doing the basic blocking and tackling here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3255.8s	3255.8	 of having three or four accounts. I've always had three or four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3258.4s	3258.4	 banking relationships always had it split up. Should we move on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3261.4s	3261.4	 to some of the other pressing issues there was a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3264.5s	3264.5	 interesting Founders Fund story about them breaking their latest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3268.1s	3268.1	 funded half. And then there is Stripe closing their funding,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3271.8s	3271.8	 which one would you gentlemen like to go to or a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3274.0s	3274.0	 story on the docket?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3274.9s	3274.9	 I think there are there are four things that are very interrelated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3278.5s	3278.5	 Okay, in startup land. So Founders Fund took their just to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3283.4s	3283.4	 make the math simple, because I'm going to get the numbers not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3285.8s	3285.8	 exactly right. But like a $2 billion fund that they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3288.2s	3288.2	 to break into two $1 billion funds. I think that's one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3291.2s	3291.2	 story $1.8 billion fund, they're going to break it into two $900
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3294.8s	3294.8	 million funds. It's their eighth fund, it's being cut in half,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3297.2s	3297.2	 and it'll become eight and nine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3298.9s	3298.9	 I think what that speaks to is valuations, and the marks that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3304.5s	3304.5	 we think we have for existing companies and the future value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3307.9s	3307.9	 that smart investors like this see all roads lead to it says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3313.2s	3313.2	 we're in for a slog. And so trying to put a $2 billion fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3317.4s	3317.4	 to work doesn't seem to make a lot of economic sense to some of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3320.1s	3320.1	 the smartest people in the room. So that's that's that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3322.5s	3322.5	 The second thing is there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3324.1s	3324.1	 According to Axios, Peter Thiel led this charge and he is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3328.2s	3328.2	 contrarian's contrarian. He was the one according to Axios that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3332.0s	3332.0	 led that cut of the fund size with summit Founders Fund,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3335.6s	3335.6	 according to the reports,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3336.7s	3336.7	 I'll say the more important thing, which in Peter and I are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3340.2s	3340.2	 in the same, we're the largest LPs in our funds. And so, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3343.2s	3343.2	 know, as the largest LPs in our funds, I think this is a no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3346.5s	3346.5	 brainer decision.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3347.4s	3347.4	 Number two, Stripe basically takes a 50% haircut, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3352.0s	3352.0	 the single best run, most highly valued company in Silicon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3356.6s	3356.6	 Valley. Again, that's going to eviscerate the company, a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3362.5s	3362.5	 TVPI and a lot of people's portfolios, a lot of theoretical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3365.2s	3365.2	 money that LPs were going to get. I think the third thing is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3371.6s	3371.6	 there's a person that went and filed a FOIA request that UC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3375.8s	3375.8	 Berkeley to get Sequoia's returns. And it turns out that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3382.0s	3382.0	 the best investor in the game, quote unquote, since 2018, has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3386.8s	3386.8	 not really done that well. And I think in the University of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3391.6s	3391.6	 California invested over $800 million in Sequoia since 2018.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3396.0s	3396.0	 And I think has returned, what some 40 million bucks on that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3399.8s	3399.8	 number. And then the fourth, which just came out today is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3402.7s	3402.7	 that Tiger wrote down the value of their private book by 33% for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3410.1s	3410.1	 2022. And so you know, I think Tiger's AOM basically has gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3413.2s	3413.2	 from 100 billion to 50 billion in a year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3416.3s	3416.3	 There's one more note to add to that YC basically let go of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3419.3s	3419.3	 their growth team this week, Y Combinator, for people didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3422.6s	3422.6	 know what was called the continuity fund, they were doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3424.7s	3424.7	 late stage investing, and that got cut, which is a signal and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3430.2s	3430.2	 the 17 employees are gone now. And Gary Tan, I think is making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3433.7s	3433.7	 the right decision, you know, they have to focus on what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3435.7s	3435.7	 they're great at, which is the earliest stage of the company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3437.7s	3437.7	 And they had conflicts with this one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3439.3s	3439.3	 Look, this is the most interesting thing for me in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3443.3s	3443.3	 following way. I think the Y Combinator unicorn hit rate is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3448.0s	3448.0	 6%. Right? So every 100 companies that come out of YC,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3451.7s	3451.7	 which costs only about $10 million to seed, right, six of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3455.6s	3455.6	 them become worth a billion dollars or more. And obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3458.9s	3458.9	 some become worth much, much more. And so if you see how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3462.6s	3462.6	 difficult it is, even for a growth fund that's attached to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3467.0s	3467.0	 that funnel, to be successful and make money, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3471.7s	3471.7	 obviously, if this thing was ton in cash, you would not have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3473.7s	3473.7	 cut it, I don't think anybody would do that. So I think it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3477.1s	3477.1	 a very challenging strategy at a challenging moment in time. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3480.6s	3480.6	 so I applaud these guys for having the discipline to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3482.7s	3482.7	 But if you take them all in totality, it is a complicated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3486.5s	3486.5	 place in venture capital and startup land. Holy mackerel,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3489.7s	3489.7	 like, it's a reset, a it's tough to make money, be a lot of folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3493.0s	3493.0	 may not know exactly what they're doing. See a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3495.6s	3495.6	 valuations are totally wrong. And D, we're gonna have to start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3500.4s	3500.4	 doing the cleanup work now of resetting all of it, which just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3503.6s	3503.6	 takes years, as you guys remember, in 2000. It took us, it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3506.9s	3506.9	 took us five years to fix this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3510.0s	3510.0	 It's a hard reset. Sax, what do you when you look at these in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3512.8s	3512.8	 totality? What would you say?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3514.0s	3514.0	 Well, I agree with what Chamath just said, I mean, it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3516.4s	3516.4	 gonna be a hard period with a lot of resets, a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3518.4s	3518.4	 restructuring, a lot of cap tables, there's a lot of mess to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3520.6s	3520.6	 clean up. All of that being said, I think I'd rather be an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3524.5s	3524.5	 investor today than an investor two years ago, or one year ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3530.0s	3530.0	 because at least the valuations have corrected to some degree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3534.6s	3534.6	 And then also, we have this really interesting AI wave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3537.0s	3537.0	 happening now. And there's a lot of opportunities to invest in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3540.8s	3540.8	 that new, you know, cycle. So at least there's like an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3544.4s	3544.4	 interesting product cycle. It's getting me excited to go to work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3547.5s	3547.5	 and see these new demos from all these different companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3550.4s	3550.4	 Whereas, you know, you go back a year or two, and just the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3553.4s	3553.4	 product innovation doesn't seem as world changing as it does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3556.0s	3556.0	 now. So I think that as bad as things are, my guess is that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3561.7s	3561.7	 new vintages of VC are gonna be better than, you know, call it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3566.3s	3566.3	 2021 for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3567.5s	3567.5	 That's not going to be a high bar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3569.8s	3569.8	 It's not a high bar, but still.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3571.1s	3571.1	 Well, that's the thing. Actually, Chamath, Chamath, this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3574.0s	3574.0	 is the contradiction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3574.8s	3574.8	 Trash, trash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3576.3s	3576.3	 This is the contradiction is that it felt better to be a VC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3579.7s	3579.7	 in 2021. But in hindsight, we know that the vintage is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3583.6s	3583.6	 to be not good. Whereas today, hold on, but today, it feels not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3588.0s	3588.0	 great to be a VC, but I think the vintage will be a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3590.8s	3590.8	 better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3592.0s	3592.0	 But anybody would tell you that at some point, you're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3594.4s	3594.4	 have to divorce yourself from a motionless VC.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3596.5s	3596.5	 Divorce yourself from emotion to be a reasonably good investor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3599.8s	3599.8	 over long periods of time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3601.4s	3601.4	 How many data points do we need to realize that too many people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3605.2s	3605.2	 were put into this game that may not have known what they were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3608.2s	3608.2	 doing. And we're going to have to go and work through all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3611.6s	3611.6	 those excesses. And I think it's just going to take a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3614.8s	3614.8	 time. US limited partners are in a really difficult spot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3620.0s	3620.0	 European investors, I think, are probably in a pretty difficult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3622.6s	3622.6	 spot. There are a couple of bright, bright points around the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3626.2s	3626.2	 world of folks that are still optimistic and doing well. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3629.6s	3629.6	 think Middle East is one, Southeast Asia is another. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3634.6s	3634.6	 other than those, it's just a whole group of folks that just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3637.8s	3637.8	 have to get completely re underwritten from first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3639.8s	3639.8	 principles. Even when you have an incredible platform like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3643.6s	3643.6	 Sequoia, five years of no returns on $800 billion for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3648.2s	3648.2	 somebody like UC Berkeley. What it really means without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3650.9s	3650.9	 commenting on Sequoia's performance is that UC Berkeley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3653.5s	3653.5	 is effectively out of business in being a limited partner for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3656.7s	3656.7	 the foreseeable future. Well, and I think that has that has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3660.5s	3660.5	 implications. So even if you think these vintages are great,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3663.8s	3663.8	 I don't think they're open for business. And and frankly, if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3666.8s	3666.8	 even if they wanted to be open for business, how do you go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3669.8s	3669.8	 an IC? When they look at all of the totality of those dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3673.6s	3673.6	 that have not made anything? How do you justify the next $800
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3676.6s	3676.6	 billion? I just think it's very hard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3678.3s	3678.3	 While I agree that LPs are out of it, I think the story was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3680.8s	3680.8	 garbage because it all funds go through a J curve. And they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3684.8s	3684.8	 literally talking about the majority of the funds in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3686.9s	3686.9	 vintage 2008 2019 2020 21. They're all in literally the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3691.6s	3691.6	 definition of the j curve, the third, fourth, fifth year, one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3693.9s	3693.9	 of the most important things you need to be able to do is measure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3697.4s	3697.4	 how long does it take the delta t to 90% of calling committed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3702.1s	3702.1	 capital? And how long does it take the delta t to return one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3706.0s	3706.0	 x DPI? I can tell you, Jason, if you're a reasonably good fund,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3709.8s	3709.8	 those numbers should be between five and seven years for both,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3713.3s	3713.3	 which none of those funds have hit the average for a normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3717.6s	3717.6	 venture fund is around five to seven years to call 90% of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3723.9s	3723.9	 capital. And around five to seven years to return one x DPI.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3728.1s	3728.1	 I'm just telling you that's what the average is. And if you talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3730.7s	3730.7	 to firms, so all I'm saying is there was a period of time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3735.0s	3735.0	 where in the absence of getting money back again, this is not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3737.3s	3737.3	 Sequoia thing. It just means that there was an entire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3741.9s	3741.9	 cohort, and years of capital allocation that is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3745.9s	3745.9	 necessarily in a j curve, it's impaired. Because if after five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3749.7s	3749.7	 years, you if after five years, you return nothing. Sometimes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3753.8s	3753.8	 you just have to see the writing on the wall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3755.2s	3755.2	 sax explain the j curve one more time for folks. And then what is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3758.3s	3758.3	 your analysis of that Sequoia story?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3761.0s	3761.0	 Well, the j curve, the theory behind it is that when you start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3765.3s	3765.3	 deploying a new fund, you're drawing fees down to pay for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3768.0s	3768.0	 firm and the investments you've made have not been marked up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3770.2s	3770.2	 yet. So the value of the fund is actually going down because some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3774.1s	3774.1	 of it's getting eaten up in fees. And you haven't really had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3777.0s	3777.0	 chance for any of those investments to be successful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3779.7s	3779.7	 And what happens happen early, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3782.0s	3782.0	 I don't even know about that. I just think it's they haven't had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3784.5s	3784.5	 a chance to get marked up. But then what happens is you start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3786.5s	3786.5	 getting markups. And now at least on paper, the value of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3789.4s	3789.4	 fund goes up. And then hopefully, those markups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3792.3s	3792.3	 eventually turn into distributions or DPI like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3794.8s	3794.8	 Jamoth is talking about. Yeah, we have a vintage 2017 2018 fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3800.2s	3800.2	 that's actually fully returned at this point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3802.2s	3802.2	 you exited some secondaries for acquisitions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3805.0s	3805.0	 No, we just had some we just had some exits. But look, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3807.4s	3807.4	 that is a little bit on the early slash lucky side. But we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3811.4s	3811.4	 haven't really seen much of the J because, you know, you should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3815.0s	3815.0	 getting markups within two years, I think on your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3818.6s	3818.6	 investments, if the companies are looking good, at least
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3821.0s	3821.0	 historically, that was the case.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3822.4s	3822.4	 Freeberg, any any thoughts on this collection of stories with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3825.7s	3825.7	 venture, basically having the great venture reset? The end of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3831.7s	3831.7	 the super cycle, the beginning of the next?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3833.8s	3833.8	 It's happening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3835.1s	3835.1	 Okay, we're in the thick of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3836.6s	3836.6	 But by the way, I would just I would just go back to the point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3838.5s	3838.5	 that with all the problems to mouth is is talking about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3841.4s	3841.4	 reset and the wipeout that needs to occur. I think this is still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3845.1s	3845.1	 that I think that's part of what makes this a better time to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3849.6s	3849.6	 an investor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3850.5s	3850.5	 This is what I'll say about that, Sachs, I think I agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3853.0s	3853.0	 with you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3855.4s	3855.4	 I disconnect asset values and asset prices from fundamental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3861.0s	3861.0	 business value being created. So the market did stuff up prices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3865.6s	3865.6	 went up. That doesn't really mean that businesses aren't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3869.0s	3869.0	 fundamentally good that there aren't amazing technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3871.2s	3871.2	 businesses being built today that are going to affect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3874.3s	3874.3	 billions of lives tomorrow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3875.8s	3875.8	 If you are tracking a public company stock, and you like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3880.2s	3880.2	 business, you spend time with management, you see what they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3883.0s	3883.0	 building, you see their revenues growing, their profits are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3885.1s	3885.1	 growing, they're making great products, people are happy with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3887.6s	3887.6	 what they're doing. But the stock's really expensive, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3890.5s	3890.5	 don't want to buy the stock. Suddenly, the stock drops by 80%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3894.4s	3894.4	 Nothing about the business has changed. It's just that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3896.8s	3896.8	 market is paying less to own shares in that company. That's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3899.7s	3899.7	 great time to buy that stock. I think that's the moment we're in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3903.6s	3903.6	 in Silicon Valley, everyone's like, Oh, my God, it's over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3905.7s	3905.7	 There's a things are terrible. Just because the asset prices of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3910.4s	3910.4	 the shares in companies has gone down, does not mean that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3913.8s	3913.8	 quality of the businesses has changed, or that there isn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3916.9s	3916.9	 fundamental value being created in Silicon Valley. In fact, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3921.0s	3921.0	 contrary point to Sachs's comment is that it is a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3924.8s	3924.8	 time to be buying these shares. And it is a great time to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3927.6s	3927.6	 investing. And it is a great time because as we've talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3931.2s	3931.2	 about countless times, there are extraordinary technologies, from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3933.7s	3933.7	 AI to biotech becoming software, to fusion to novel applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3937.7s	3937.7	 with AI and SaaS, and on and on and on many of the amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3940.9s	3940.9	 things we've talked about that I think can and will affect many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3943.6s	3943.6	 industries and billions of lives are being built today, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3946.4s	3946.4	 they're not going to stop being built. And you can now buy the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3949.2s	3949.2	 stock at 80% off. So, you know, if you're investing today, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3953.0s	3953.0	 if you're a builder today, as long as the capital keeps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3955.8s	3955.8	 flowing to support the building work, you're going to be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3958.8s	3958.8	 have a lot of these crazy growthy rounds with high prices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3961.3s	3961.3	 and all the nonsense that went on the last couple years. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3964.0s	3964.0	 there's certainly a lot of opportunity to create real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3966.2s	3966.2	 business value. And right now an opportunity to buy shares pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3969.7s	3969.7	 cheap, and participate meaningfully in that value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3971.9s	3971.9	 creation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3972.5s	3972.5	 I'll tell you the thing I'm seeing on the field and like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3974.5s	3974.5	 playing the game on the field is something we've been talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3976.8s	3976.8	 about for the last year. We started a program called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3979.5s	3979.5	 founder dot university, and it's basically like a 12 week course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3982.5s	3982.5	 on like, the value creation of the business. And it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3985.0s	3985.0	 the discount code people can use to-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3986.5s	3986.5	 there's no discount code. It's free for founders basically if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3989.4s	3989.4	 they it's free for founders if they come to the 12 weeks. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3992.0s	3992.0	 anyway, what I did was-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3993.2s	3993.2	 go to WWW.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3994.9s	3994.9	 No, it's founder dot university because it's an extension, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=3999.4s	3999.4	 in the words of, of Sachs, let me finish. Please let me finish.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4005.4s	4005.4	 What we did was we just said anybody who wants to buy shares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4008.4s	4008.4	 on the platform, we're going to be able to do that. We're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4011.2s	4011.2	 to be able to do that. So we're going to be able to do that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4013.2s	4013.2	 What we did was we just said anybody who gets to an MVP and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4016.0s	4016.0	 it's two or three builder co founders, we'll give them a 25k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4019.1s	4019.1	 check. And I did 20 or 30 of these 25k checks in the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4023.3s	4023.3	 couple of months of just the founders right now, who have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4026.7s	4026.7	 been laid off by other companies. They're dogged,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4029.8s	4029.8	 pragmatic, absolutely customer centric, product centric
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4034.2s	4034.2	 founders, whereas the last five years have been filled with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4037.2s	4037.2	 theatrics, and white papers and ICOs and just nonsense and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4041.3s	4041.3	 absurd valuations and people wanting credit for work not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4044.6s	4044.6	 done. And now people are actually building MVPs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4048.0s	4048.0	 they're dogged, product driven founders, customer centric
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4051.1s	4051.1	 mission driven founders. And it feels to me that first part is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4054.5s	4054.5	 so well said people wanted all this credit for work not done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4060.2s	4060.2	 And for progress not achieved. That game is over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4064.6s	4064.6	 Finished. Finished, which means if you are a product led CEO, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4068.4s	4068.4	 you're a mission driven CEO who actually built something, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4071.0s	4071.0	 stand out so much in this ecosystem. And I have people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4074.2s	4074.2	 begging for money sending me long emails and decks and total
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4078.0s	4078.0	 addressable market. I'm just like, can you just build a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4080.0s	4080.0	 product and show me that you can actually deliver a product? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4083.1s	4083.1	 then we'll start the process of the rewards based system here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4087.4s	4087.4	 you know, the the reward based system in Silicon Valley is so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4091.6s	4091.6	 magical when it works, you get money from founding university,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4095.2s	4095.2	 or, you know, tech stars or Y combinator, then go to a seed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4098.3s	4098.3	 fund, then go to a series a fund, that milestone based
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4101.2s	4101.2	 funding was so broken. And now it's back. And it's so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4105.2s	4105.2	 functional when it's working. It's just a magic of Silicon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4107.7s	4107.7	 Valley is when people work and get rewards work and get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4110.4s	4110.4	 rewards. And it just creates this great pace and dynamic that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4113.8s	4113.8	 I'm glad to see. Just as we wrap here, everybody's been begging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4117.7s	4117.7	 for a science corner enough about the chaos in the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4122.4s	4122.4	 Everybody wants the Sultan of science to tell us and educate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4126.8s	4126.8	 us about something. And sax needs to use the loo anyway. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4130.3s	4130.3	 let's do a science corner here. Room temperature, superconductors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4135.2s	4135.2	 you sent me a link, I read the abstract of this paper. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4139.6s	4139.6	 don't know which language I need to put this into Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4142.2s	4142.2	 Translate, but I couldn't understand any of it. So please,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4145.9s	4145.9	 I literally read the abstract and I was like, I couldn't get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4148.3s	4148.3	 through the first two sentences without having to start doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4151.7s	4151.7	 searches.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4152.1s	4152.1	 I'll start with just like the simple explainer on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4154.4s	4154.4	 superconductors. You know, materials that conduct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4159.4s	4159.4	 electricity are called conductors. So conductors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4162.5s	4162.5	 electrons move through them like a copper wire. That's how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4165.2s	4165.2	 electricity flows. And all conductors have some amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4170.5s	4170.5	 resistance, meaning not all the electrons kind of flow through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4173.4s	4173.4	 at a perfect rate. They bump into the atoms in the material
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4177.4s	4177.4	 in the wire, and they generate heat, you know, you've ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4179.5s	4179.5	 felt a wire while electricity is flowing through to get hot,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4181.6s	4181.6	 right? So that's because the conductor has some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4184.2s	4184.2	 resistance, which means the electrons bump into the walls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4187.0s	4187.0	 of the atoms in the material, they generate heat and you lose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4190.3s	4190.3	 electricity, you lose energy, you lose power. And so in 1911,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4195.2s	4195.2	 it was discovered when mercury was reduced to a very, very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4199.3s	4199.3	 cold temperature, that there was a point at which the material
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4204.1s	4204.1	 conducted electricity with absolutely no resistance. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4208.6s	4208.6	 electrons flowed through the material, completely unbounding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4213.6s	4213.6	 you know, not bouncing into the material not generating any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4216.1s	4216.1	 heat. And having no resistance mean you're losing no power in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4220.1s	4220.1	 transmission of that electricity. But a number of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4222.4s	4222.4	 other super interesting effects occur. Number one is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4225.8s	4225.8	 magnetic fields now reflect off of that metal perfectly. So if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4230.2s	4230.2	 you put a magnet, you ever seen that image of it? Nick, we could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4233.1s	4233.1	 probably pull one up in the YouTube video, we put a magnet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4235.6s	4235.6	 on top of a superconductor, it actually floats. Because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4238.8s	4238.8	 magnetic field like the north and the north push against each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4241.2s	4241.2	 other and it floats up. So superconducting materials kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4244.8s	4244.8	 of became this fascination in the early 20th century, that Oh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4248.5s	4248.5	 my god, if we can actually make materials that superconduct,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4251.4s	4251.4	 there are all these amazing benefits. One of the benefits is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4254.2s	4254.2	 you could have no loss in electricity being transmitted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4256.7s	4256.7	 Today, 15% of power is lost in the transmission from the power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4259.9s	4259.9	 station to your home. You could also do interesting things like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4262.8s	4262.8	 create maglev or frictionless trains that float, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4266.6s	4266.6	 like magnets floating off the ground on top of a super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4269.1s	4269.1	 conducting track. And by having no friction, you could push the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4272.7s	4272.7	 track the train once and you wouldn't need to use any energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4275.4s	4275.4	 to move it along. So you could have basically powerless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4277.3s	4277.3	 transportation. You could have really powerful new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4282.4s	4282.4	 microprocessors. So a superconductor microprocessor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4287.0s	4287.0	 instead of a traditional semiconductor microprocessor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4289.5s	4289.5	 would use just 1% of the energy of a semiconductor microprocessor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4294.5s	4294.5	 Think about that all the AI stuff we're talking about all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4297.0s	4297.0	 chips that we're talking about dropping the energy needs by 99%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4301.1s	4301.1	 if those chips were made from a superconducting material. And one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4303.8s	4303.8	 of the more interesting applications of superconducting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4305.7s	4305.7	 materials could be infinite battery storage. So you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4308.3s	4308.3	 take a superconductor, turn it into a coil, and the electricity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4311.3s	4311.3	 would just flow through it infinitely because it would never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4313.5s	4313.5	 turn into heat. And then when you're ready for that power, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4315.8s	4315.8	 just plug in and you get the power out. The actual loss of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4318.4s	4318.4	 energy in a superconductor battery to less than 5%. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4322.4s	4322.4	 that's compared with, you know, significantly more energy loss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4324.8s	4324.8	 used in chemical systems. And you wouldn't need to kind of get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4327.4s	4327.4	 all the materials that we're struggling to get now to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4329.3s	4329.3	 generate batteries. So the idea of generating like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4331.9s	4331.9	 superconductors in industrial scale has always been super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4334.9s	4334.9	 interesting. Today, the way that we generate superconducting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4337.3s	4337.3	 materials is we have to make a material super, super cold. In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4341.3s	4341.3	 1987, a physicist named Chu developed one of the first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4345.6s	4345.6	 ceramic superconductors where they discovered a new way of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4349.0s	4349.0	 generating superconductivity. It wasn't just taking a metal and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4352.0s	4352.0	 cooling it down very, very cold because when you get it very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4354.8s	4354.8	 very cold, the atoms stop moving. And the electrons inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4358.0s	4358.0	 pair up and it's called Cooper pairing and they flow through.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4360.6s	4360.6	 And he said we could actually do this with a hotter temperature.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4363.6s	4363.6	 And he demonstrated this in a ceramic yttrium barium copper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4366.8s	4366.8	 oxide super confusing name. But basically, he took a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4369.7s	4369.7	 materials and baked them in an oven. And they turn into this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4372.0s	4372.0	 really interesting material that became superconducting. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4374.5s	4374.5	 the race was on. Because what he did is he made a superconductor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4377.6s	4377.6	 that could superconduct at the temperature of liquid nitrogen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4380.4s	4380.4	 And liquid nitrogen is really cheap. So we can just use and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4382.9s	4382.9	 that's actually how all MRI machines run today. Because you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4385.4s	4385.4	 have superconductors that reflect the magnetic fields in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4387.7s	4387.7	 the super in the MRI machine, and they're using liquid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4390.2s	4390.2	 nitrogen to stay cool. And so there's a lot of industrial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4393.2s	4393.2	 applications today that use superconducting materials using
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4395.8s	4395.8	 liquid nitrogen. But in order for us to do all the stuff I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4398.6s	4398.6	 mentioned, like maglev trains and infinite battery storage, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4402.4s	4402.4	 superconducting microprocessors, we have to get superconductors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4406.3s	4406.3	 we have to discover a material that can superconduct at room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4410.8s	4410.8	 temperature, so that we can sit with it in a computer on our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4413.8s	4413.8	 desktop, or we can have it run on a railroad track, or you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4417.6s	4417.6	 we can put it in our backyard to store energy. And there's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4421.4s	4421.4	 this race, and there's all these different classes of materials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4424.1s	4424.1	 that physicists and material scientists have spent decades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4427.0s	4427.0	 trying to figure out what can superconduct at room temperature,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4430.2s	4430.2	 we started with metals, you know, copper, and we tried carbon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4433.0s	4433.0	 nanotubes and fullerene tubes, we had all these different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4436.3s	4436.3	 ceramics, like like was like I talked about, and there have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4439.0s	4439.0	 been literally 10s of 1000s of ceramics that people bake in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4442.9s	4442.9	 ovens and try and see how superconducting they are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4445.5s	4445.5	 Basically, you take the material, and you cool the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4447.8s	4447.8	 temperature and you measure the resistance. And as soon as it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4450.6s	4450.6	 hits superconductivity, boom, there's this magic moment where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4454.1s	4454.1	 it drops to zero, and it becomes superconducting. And there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4457.0s	4457.0	 this big changeover effect. So everyone's trying to find that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4459.9s	4459.9	 temperature, which it can happen at room temperature. And people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4463.1s	4463.1	 have found superconductivity on the surface of DNA and organic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4466.5s	4466.5	 molecules. But you can't scale that people have found, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4469.8s	4469.8	 know, superconductivity and all these weird kind of material on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4472.7s	4472.7	 the surface of things. But no one's ever been able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4474.8s	4474.8	 industrialize it. In 2015, there was a new kind of material
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4478.2s	4478.2	 called a hydride, which is basically taking a thin metal and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4483.2s	4483.2	 putting it in hydrogen gas and kind of baking it for a couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4486.2s	4486.2	 of days, and the hydrogen sticks to the metal. And then you would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4489.2s	4489.2	 use this hydride as a new kind of conductor. And hydrides, it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4493.7s	4493.7	 turned out had really good superconducting potential, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4496.7s	4496.7	 would superconduct at room temperature, but they needed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4500.6s	4500.6	 super high pressure. So you'd actually have to leave them in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4503.0s	4503.0	 like, something that's like hundreds of times the pressure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4505.5s	4505.5	 of the atmosphere. And so that that's not really technically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4508.4s	4508.4	 an industrially feasible either. So this guy named Ranga Diaz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4512.1s	4512.1	 published a paper a couple of weeks ago that got a ton of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4515.6s	4515.6	 press, and a ton of controversy. And basically, he said, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4520.0s	4520.0	 I've got this new hydride. And it's I've got this really, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4523.9s	4523.9	 know, weird metal that no one ever talks about. And I've baked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4527.4s	4527.4	 it with this with hydrogen gas. And this hydride can actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4530.8s	4530.8	 superconduct at, you know, room temperature, and at only one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4534.5s	4534.5	 gigapascal, which is still greater pressure than room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4537.0s	4537.0	 temperature. But it basically starts to show on the chart of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4540.0s	4540.0	 are we getting there? Can we actually get there? That maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4542.4s	4542.4	 we are. And so this paper was published in nature a couple of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4546.2s	4546.2	 weeks ago. And it got a ton of a ton of coverage, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4550.1s	4550.1	 everyone's like, Oh, my gosh, the problem is this particular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4552.8s	4552.8	 individual. You know, the the lead research of Ranga Diaz on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4558.8s	4558.8	 the on the paper, he's pretty controversial, because he made a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4562.6s	4562.6	 room temperature superconducting claim back in 2020 in a paper he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4566.3s	4566.3	 published in nature. And after he made that that claim, a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4570.4s	4570.4	 scientists tried to replicate what he did, and they were not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4572.7s	4572.7	 able to. And then the journal retracted his paper. And he had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4576.9s	4576.9	 a method that he took data noise out of the measurement system he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4580.7s	4580.7	 was using. And the way that he took the data noise out, people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4583.3s	4583.3	 said actually skewed the results and made it look like it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4585.9s	4585.9	 superconducting when maybe it wasn't. And he actually had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4589.3s	4589.3	 talk that he did that was published on YouTube, a year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4592.6s	4592.6	 later, where he said he raised $20 million from Sam Altman and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4595.3s	4595.3	 Daniel Ek and a bunch of other investors. And it turns out that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4598.0s	4598.0	 also wasn't true. And then he came back and said, Well, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4599.8s	4599.8	 didn't actually raise the money. I was talking with them about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4602.0s	4602.0	 raising the money. So this guy's kind of a sketchy character in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4605.1s	4605.1	 the space. But the temperature at which he was able to generate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4609.2s	4609.2	 or claims to have generated and he did get peer review and did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4611.9s	4611.9	 get published. A superconductor is at room temperature, it's at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4617.3s	4617.3	 slightly high pressure. But if it's real, and it does get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4621.1s	4621.1	 repeated, it's one of the next steps that we're almost going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4624.7s	4624.7	 be getting to this point of true room temperature superconducting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4627.5s	4627.5	 materials. And then this whole industry will blow up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4630.6s	4630.6	 transmission lines, battery storage, maglev trains,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4633.9s	4633.9	 superconducting microprocessors. You know, many new industries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4637.9s	4637.9	 can and will emerge from this material discovery if it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4641.1s	4641.1	 proven to be real. So you know, it's a super interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4644.1s	4644.1	 storyline. A lot of people in the material science world and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4646.6s	4646.6	 scientists, chemists, physicists are kind of going crazy about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4650.0s	4650.0	 this. And there was a survey done by quantum magazine, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4654.6s	4654.6	 half the scientists were like, this is bullshit. And the other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4656.9s	4656.9	 half was like, this is going to change the world. So we don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4659.1s	4659.1	 really know yet where this is all going to settle out. But I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4661.2s	4661.2	 thought it was worth kind of talking about and bringing it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4663.5s	4663.5	 up. Because if room temperature superconductivity is really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4666.8s	4666.8	 realized in the next decade, it's another one of these kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4669.2s	4669.2	 of black swan technology discoveries that we none of us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4671.9s	4671.9	 are thinking about right now. But it totally transforms all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4674.5s	4674.5	 these markets, and very quickly kind of increases like we were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4677.9s	4677.9	 talking about earlier, productivity makes renewable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4680.5s	4680.5	 energy super, super cheap, makes computing power 99% less power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4684.6s	4684.6	 intensive, AI chips will explode using this technology. So a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4688.5s	4688.5	 of super interesting applications if room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4690.1s	4690.1	 temperature superconductivity comes to light. Super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4692.4s	4692.4	 interesting story. I thought we should share it and talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4694.7s	4694.7	 Yeah, Chamath, I would love to get your insights on it. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4697.9s	4697.9	 then Sax, I would like to understand how many emails and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4700.3s	4700.3	 what you order from Uber Eats during that segment. Go ahead,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4702.4s	4702.4	 Chamath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4703.2s	4703.2	 Venkat Viswanathan, who runs a battery group at Carnegie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4706.8s	4706.8	 Mellon, introduced me to Ranga two years ago, me and my partner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4710.3s	4710.3	 Jay, we were like, holy shit, this is outrageous. And we tried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4714.6s	4714.6	 to spin it out into an actual company. But the University of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4719.9s	4719.9	 Rochester blocked it. And so we've been following this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4723.7s	4723.7	 for two years and all the trials and tribulations. But it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4727.0s	4727.0	 really, really exciting thing if it does come to you got capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4730.2s	4730.2	 blocked, explain why you would get capital blocked in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4733.2s	4733.2	 situation like that. Why wouldn't they allow you to spin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4735.5s	4735.5	 it up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4736.0s	4736.0	 It is interesting, because like typically universities have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4738.7s	4738.7	 tech transfer office, and you can do these deals pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4740.9s	4740.9	 cleanly. So you know, when you go to Stanford, the tech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4743.1s	4743.1	 transfer office is quite sophisticated at MIT, it's quite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4745.7s	4745.7	 sophisticated. There are these pretty standardized deals and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4748.6s	4748.6	 and royalty percentages.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4749.9s	4749.9	 What is the standard deal? Explain to the audience how a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4752.7s	4752.7	 tech transfer deal would work? And how does the university make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4755.3s	4755.3	 money from it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4756.3s	4756.3	 If you're a prof, and you invent something, or even if you're a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4758.8s	4758.8	 student, it's technically owned by the school. And so if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4762.2s	4762.2	 want to commercialize it, you go to them and you basically say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4765.3s	4765.3	 here's a capital partner of mine, and we want to go and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4767.5s	4767.5	 start a company around it. And what they will normally say is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4770.4s	4770.4	 okay, great, give us a piece of equity and give us some royalty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4774.3s	4774.3	 in some cases, depending on what it is, especially the equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4777.8s	4777.8	 tends to be in the mid single digit percentages, the royalties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4780.8s	4780.8	 tend to be in the mid single digit percentages, it depends on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4783.3s	4783.3	 how, okay, yeah, call it 5567%. But it can be a lot when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4788.4s	4788.4	 think about a, you know, a school like Stanford, who's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4790.5s	4790.5	 spinning out hundreds of these things a year. But if you're, if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4795.8s	4795.8	 you're a school that doesn't historically do a lot of tech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4798.8s	4798.8	 transfer, or has a lot of cutting edge R&D, you wouldn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4802.6s	4802.6	 have that team. And so Rochester didn't necessarily have it now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4807.4s	4807.4	 look, Runga is probably getting bombarded by 30 other people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4810.0s	4810.0	 who'll pay 10 times more than what I was trying to pay 18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4812.1s	4812.1	 months ago. It's a really interesting thing. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4814.0s	4814.0	 there'll be some there'll be some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4815.1s	4815.1	 What's the greatest anybody know what the top tech transfers of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4819.0s	4819.0	 all time were? Like, was Google a tech transfer? Freeburg? Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4822.2s	4822.2	 you know? Like, because PageRank was out of the what did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4825.1s	4825.1	 Stanford make?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4826.1s	4826.1	 No, yeah, Larry and Larry and Sergey gave Stanford, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4828.7s	4828.7	 one percent of Stanford. Yeah, they gave him a percent. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4832.3s	4832.3	 Wow. Yeah, that's unknown. Yeah, because because back rub was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4836.1s	4836.1	 written while Larry was a PhD there. So technically, they, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4839.7s	4839.7	 know, they had some part of it. Carnegie Mellon ranked as top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4843.3s	4843.3	 tech transfer university. I'm just seeing here in terms of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4846.0s	4846.0	 rankings, University of Florida, Columbia, Stanford, Harvard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4849.4s	4849.4	 it's very, some of them are terrible, like, and some of them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4852.9s	4852.9	 are cronyism. So like, you go to some of the universities and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4856.2s	4856.2	 the tech transfer offices have deep relationships with certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4859.0s	4859.0	 VCs and investors that they'll only work with. And they always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4862.0s	4862.0	 get first picks and first dibs. And they're super tight with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4864.2s	4864.2	 them. They don't run a real market process. And then some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4867.5s	4867.5	 tech transfer offices just give away the farm for nothing. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4870.8s	4870.8	 then some tech transfer offices think that they own it and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4872.8s	4872.8	 should get paid 60% royalties for the thing. It's all over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4876.5s	4876.5	 map. And some of them are sophisticated and some of them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4879.1s	4879.1	 are not. So it's actually quite surprising, J Cal, how different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4885.1s	4885.1	 all the universities are in terms of their level of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4887.2s	4887.2	 sophistication and the types of deals they'll do. But I will say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4890.7s	4890.7	 this work in superconducting research, it's another good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4893.6s	4893.6	 example going up to going back to the point a couple episodes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4896.9s	4896.9	 ago about the importance of fundamental research and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4899.3s	4899.3	 importance of, you know, the support from academic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4904.0s	4904.0	 institutions and governments and other aspects when you're still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4907.1s	4907.1	 not sure what the technology is, that to do that fundamental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4911.1s	4911.1	 discovery work, I think is a good collective social benefit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4914.6s	4914.6	 And then to industrialize it and commercialize it requires, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4917.3s	4917.3	 think, a market based approach, which is you take that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4919.7s	4919.7	 capability, try and build a business, find customers make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4921.9s	4921.9	 money. And that's really how you get it to be funded to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4924.3s	4924.3	 scaled. Because you're never gonna you shouldn't have to put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4926.9s	4926.9	 you know, government and academic money behind that sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4928.9s	4928.9	 of effort. But private market participants should. And so you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4932.9s	4932.9	 know, it's interesting. I mean, I think, I'm not holding my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4936.2s	4936.2	 breath. I've been, you know, I did a science project in 1993,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4940.8s	4940.8	 when I was probably 12 or 13 years old, on superconductors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4944.7s	4944.7	 And I got a yttrium barium copper oxide disk. And I got some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4948.6s	4948.6	 liquid nitrogen from UCLA, and I poured it on the disk, and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4951.0s	4951.0	 floated a magnet above it. And I had a poster board and a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4953.3s	4953.3	 computer presentation back then. And I was super enthralled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4956.4s	4956.4	 about the future of superconductors. And exactly what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4958.6s	4958.6	 I said today is what I said back in 1993. So you know, 30
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4961.9s	4961.9	 years ago, he was so busy dating, I didn't think you had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4964.3s	4964.3	 time for superconductor experiments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4966.1s	4966.1	 Yeah, look, I don't think I don't think that this stuff has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4969.3s	4969.3	 really, it's been it's been like fusion. It's always been a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4972.6s	4972.6	 promise around the corner. Physicists have always had hope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4974.7s	4974.7	 we've taken incremental steps towards it. But it's always felt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4977.6s	4977.6	 like one of those things where you're always getting 50% closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4980.3s	4980.3	 to the wall. It's like you're never actually reaching the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4982.7s	4982.7	 wall. And so anecdotally, one Yeah, by the way, I will say one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4986.9s	4986.9	 area that that that a lot of people think holds a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4989.1s	4989.1	 promise for superconducting research is in quantum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4992.1s	4992.1	 computing, because you can actually model on a molecular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4994.7s	4994.7	 level what might be going on. Right now, the BCS theory is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=4998.5s	4998.5	 this theory on Cooper pairing that happens in ceramics is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5001.0s	5001.0	 only way that we really understand how superconducting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5002.9s	5002.9	 actually works, why it works, why there's no resistance at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5006.2s	5006.2	 certain temperatures for certain types of materials. For most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5008.8s	5008.8	 materials, we have no frigging clue why it happens. We don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5011.2s	5011.2	 understand the physics of it. There's something going on on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5013.8s	5013.8	 quantum mechanical level that we just don't get. And so if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5016.8s	5016.8	 can understand it better through quantum modeling using quantum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5019.7s	5019.7	 computers, all of a sudden, we may be able to actually start to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5022.8s	5022.8	 come up with ideas for molecules and crystal structure that would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5026.1s	5026.1	 allow us to make superconducting material that we simply don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5028.6s	5028.6	 have enough time in our lifetime to run all the experiments in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5031.4s	5031.4	 lab today, and we can simulate it. And so that's why quantum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5033.9s	5033.9	 computing could play a real role in advancing our ability to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5037.1s	5037.1	 discovery and superconducting materials. And like I talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5039.7s	5039.7	 about, these are like not just one, but like two or three order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5042.8s	5042.8	 of magnitude improvements in the efficiency of certain systems of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5045.9s	5045.9	 industry on Earth today. So it shows how the compounding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5048.8s	5048.8	 benefits of technology and things you cannot see around the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5051.3s	5051.3	 corner can suddenly cause these explosive growth moments in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5054.2s	5054.2	 technology and in industry. I don't know what when quantum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5057.2s	5057.2	 computing gets here. When it gets here, it might discover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5059.6s	5059.6	 superconducting. And then when that gets discovered, boom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5062.2s	5062.2	 energy costs drop by 99%. Computing goes up by 100 fold. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5065.6s	5065.6	 there's these amazing things that are still like in front of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5067.5s	5067.5	 us that each one of which could be, you know, really great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5070.3s	5070.3	 exponential triggering events. And we're seeing a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5072.7s	5072.7	 milestone today. But yeah, I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5075.1s	5075.1	 Sachs reaction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5077.5s	5077.5	 Sounds good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5078.4s	5078.4	 Sachs, how many moves did you play in your 12 chess games?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5083.9s	5083.9	 Did you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5084.3s	5084.3	 I got stuff to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5086.1s	5086.1	 Friberg was talking about superconducting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5087.2s	5087.2	 How many points did you go up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5088.5s	5088.5	 All right, look, I got shit to do. Come on, let's go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5092.5s	5092.5	 Sachs. All right, listen, this has been a great episode. Thanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5095.9s	5095.9	 to the besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5096.5s	5096.5	 Do you have a comment on the Atlantic article that says Ron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5099.6s	5099.6	 DeSantis has peaked already?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5101.9s	5101.9	 Oh, don't figure it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5103.7s	5103.7	 Uh oh. Don't do it. Don't do it. Why you got to troll him?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5106.3s	5106.3	 I didn't see that. But it's in the Atlantic. Oh, you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5108.7s	5108.7	 know why the Atlantic suddenly has turned on him is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5111.3s	5111.3	 they're the biggest backers of the war. They those guys have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5115.6s	5115.6	 all these like neocons over there. And so he gave a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5118.9s	5118.9	 statement saying that, you know, our support for Ukraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5123.2s	5123.2	 shouldn't be a blank check and some other comments expressing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5126.8s	5126.8	 let's say skepticism of what we're doing over there. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5130.1s	5130.1	 was totally unacceptable to them. So all these neocons are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5132.3s	5132.3	 registering disappointment. And so I think that's a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5136.7s	5136.7	 but I would argue that's a electoral asset, not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5139.1s	5139.1	 liability.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5139.7s	5139.7	 I have a prediction given what's going on with these banks and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5142.2s	5142.2	 what's going on in this kind of a I think we all agree, the soft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5145.8s	5145.8	 landing concept is over, we're going to be in a recession. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5148.8s	5148.8	 war is going to end there because we're not funding this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5151.7s	5151.7	 and American the American public is not going to want to see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5155.5s	5155.5	 10s of billions of dollars going to Ukraine. And to fund this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5159.2s	5159.2	 war in year two or three hundreds of billions every month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5162.9s	5162.9	 Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5163.5s	5163.5	 I know the spending run rate of this war is actually greater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5166.5s	5166.5	 than what we did in Afghanistan and Afghanistan ended up being a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5170.1s	5170.1	 20 year multi trillion dollar operation that just flushed all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5174.4s	5174.4	 that money down the drain. So yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5176.5s	5176.5	 I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5176.8s	5176.8	 we're in a greater run rate than Afghanistan. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5180.5s	5180.5	 Did we know what the monthly run rate is for this? Oh my god,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5183.0s	5183.0	 how is it possible? We've appropriated over 130 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5186.5s	5186.5	 chamath and Afghanistan we spent two trillion over 20 years. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5190.6s	5190.6	 there's 100 billion a year run rate. Yeah, this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5193.2s	5193.2	 think about what a monumental waste of money that was and now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5195.6s	5195.6	 look at the financial crisis we're in. Can you imagine if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5198.2s	5198.2	 could have two trillion back? I mean, all these trillions that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5201.2s	5201.2	 we take it back instantly, we would take that trillions and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5204.4s	5204.4	 trillions we squandered on stuff that didn't matter. And now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5207.3s	5207.3	 we're paying the price for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5208.8s	5208.8	 That could be education could be universal health care could be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5211.3s	5211.3	 paying down the debt. How about paying down the debts of all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5213.4s	5213.4	 this inflation?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5214.3s	5214.3	 Exactly. Let's think logically here the number one issue for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5217.6s	5217.6	 this country in the next election. I am with Friedberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5220.1s	5220.1	 his great prediction from the year end show is we need a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5223.9s	5223.9	 president and we need an administration that is fiscally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5226.9s	5226.9	 responsible and controls the balance sheet in a logical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5231.3s	5231.3	 fashion like the last two administrations have not seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5234.5s	5234.5	 capable of doing I am with Friedberg single issue voter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5237.5s	5237.5	 balance the budget, get spending under control, austerity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5240.5s	5240.5	 measures hashtag. All right for the Sultan of science. Sorry,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5244.1s	5244.1	 what's that? Can you repeat that? What I wanted to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5247.4s	5247.4	 Jamath is there are there any plugs for the remaining part of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5250.3s	5250.3	 the episode? Mr. Beast is curing blindness and buying people's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5254.7s	5254.7	 shoes has he been canceled yet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5256.3s	5256.3	 Saks aren't you excited about superconductors and the benefit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5259.1s	5259.1	 for AI and energy storage and energy costs and humanity?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5263.3s	5263.3	 Yeah, what does it do to burn rate of a sasca?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5265.1s	5265.1	 Yeah, but I'm not I'm not like an expert at assessing like hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5269.0s	5269.0	 science or hard tech. I mean, I'm a software investor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5272.0s	5272.0	 I'm just a simple man. I'm just a software investor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5274.5s	5274.5	 All right, everybody for the rain man himself, David sacks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5277.3s	5277.3	 the dictator chamoff polyhapetia, and the Sultan of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5281.5s	5281.5	 science, the principal panic attacks no more. Mr. David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5284.9s	5284.9	 Friedberg, I'm the world's greatest moderator, undisputed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5288.2s	5288.2	 Congratulations, everybody on another successful episode and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5291.9s	5291.9	 Friedberg, when are we locking in the date for all in summit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5295.9s	5295.9	 2023? My replies, my DMS are filled people want to know, do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5300.1s	5300.1	 you have the date?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5300.7s	5300.7	 Soon soon soon we had a parking issue where they don't want us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5303.8s	5303.8	 parking there. So as soon as we don't need to park there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5306.7s	5306.7	 everybody that's what we told. So now they've gone back to their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5308.8s	5308.8	 committee to get approval for us doing it without parking and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5311.0s	5311.0	 just doing no park or walking shuttles or people Uber Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5314.8s	5314.8	 Uber Uber. Let's get that we should hopefully, if they accept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5318.3s	5318.3	 it, then we are okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5319.6s	5319.6	 How many shuttles do we have to take to your anus?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5322.3s	5322.3	 They go. Yeah, exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5323.7s	5323.7	 How am I the prince of panic attacks? I think you're the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5326.0s	5326.0	 king of caps locks at this point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5328.5s	5328.5	 They were called me Jay caps. Jay caps was the best one I heard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5331.9s	5331.9	 talking about panic attacks. Jake hell this weekend, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5334.4s	5334.4	 Panicking panicking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5335.8s	5335.8	 I was a sheer terror. Sure terror. I have literally gotten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5339.9s	5339.9	 rid of the caps lock. Everybody relax. You can follow me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5341.9s	5341.9	 twitter.com slash Jason. We'll see you all next time. Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5344.6s	5344.6	 Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5361.9s	5361.9	 What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5367.0s	5367.0	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5369.7s	5369.7	 That is my dog taking an audition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5371.3s	5371.3	 Your driveway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5377.5s	5377.5	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5380.1s	5380.1	 because they're all just like this like sexual tension, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5383.0s	5383.0	 they just need to release them out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5385.4s	5385.4	 What? You're the B. What? You're B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5389.5s	5389.5	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYwfiqYocc0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=2&t=5390.7s	5390.7	 We need to get merch.
