https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=0.0s	0.0	 What are you eating, Freebrick? Is that buffalo jerky? What is that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2.7s	2.7	 It's a red pepper.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3.6s	3.6	 It is not the bull tongue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4.8s	4.8	 I didn't have time for lunch. I got pistachios and I got a red pepper.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=8.2s	8.2	 Oh, wait, wait, look at this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=9.3s	9.3	 Hey!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=9.5s	9.5	 Look. Hey!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=10.6s	10.6	 Oh, is that our branded pistachios?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=13.8s	13.8	 Aren't these the best pistachios? They're the best.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=16.7s	16.7	 Salt and vinegar, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=17.8s	17.8	 Salt and vinegar, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're the best.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=19.6s	19.6	 Are those unpeeled pistachios?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=23.0s	23.0	 These guys are so rich, people peel their nuts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=25.2s	25.2	 People have been peeling my nuts since the Facebook IPO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=31.0s	31.0	 Let your winners ride.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=46.2s	46.2	 Hey, everybody. Welcome to episode 121 of the World's Greatest Podcast, the all-in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=51.8s	51.8	 podcast with me again. Of course, the dictator himself, Chamath Palihapitiya,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=56.9s	56.9	 the sultan of science, David Friedberg, and the rain man himself, yeah, definitely David Sacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=65.8s	65.8	 Gentlemen, how are we doing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=66.9s	66.9	 The world's greatest genuflector.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=70.6s	70.6	 The world's greatest moderator is here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=72.5s	72.5	 Oh, you guys, I got to tell you something, the grift is on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=75.8s	75.8	 A lot of corporate gigs for me to moderate. I don't even have to prepare. I just show up and moderate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=82.6s	82.6	 What is an example of such a gig?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=85.4s	85.4	 There's a lot of corporations and conferences that pay a pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=89.0s	89.0	 penny to have the world's greatest moderator come and interview people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=91.9s	91.9	 This is like the used car parts association of America having a convention.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=96.4s	96.4	 It'll be like, I did one with like a thousand litigators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=99.7s	99.7	 at an attorney conference for like the SaaS software they all use. And it was a wonderful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=103.2s	103.2	 far side, you know, it's just great. This is like the grift is on. No ads.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=107.0s	107.0	 Do you have to fly commercial? Or do they fly private?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=110.7s	110.7	 It's commercial at this point, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=113.0s	113.0	 What does your rider say? What kind of, do you ask for spice, salted macadamia nuts?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=117.5s	117.5	 What do you ask for?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=118.2s	118.2	 I do not have to peel my nuts. No.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=120.9s	120.9	 What I do is I blend the travel costs into the speaking fee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=125.3s	125.3	 And then nobody knows when I'm in or out, what hotel I'm staying at or whatever. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=129.9s	129.9	 basically I'm back on the road, folks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=131.4s	131.4	 I'm back on the road meeting people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=131.8s	131.8	 Do you get like a trailer or do you get, you know, to choose what to stuff?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=134.2s	134.2	 No, no, no. What he's saying is, no, what he's saying is he gets a $2,500 travel budget.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=139.3s	139.3	 And instead he comes the day of and leaves the day of saving and netting himself an extra $2,500.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=145.5s	145.5	 Well, you know, you can optimize. If you're saying optimize, I did use, I had, you know, during
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=150.7s	150.7	 COVID, I racked up a million and a half, 2 million of these United points. And I have just been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=155.6s	155.6	 grinding those United points down. So shout out to United and the pandemic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=160.4s	160.4	 All right. There's a lot of news.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=161.6s	161.6	 So you're right, Chamath. It's even worse than that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=163.4s	163.4	 It's even worse than that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=164.1s	164.1	 He's charging them for travel expenses when he's not even paying anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=166.7s	166.7	 Maybe Jason's part of the grifters using the cash app to commit fraud and murder.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=174.1s	174.1	 I mean, that Hindenburg report is, I mean, it's a work of art, but we got to start with the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=180.5s	180.5	 hiking rates by 25 basis points. And the general feeling in the country that maybe the Fed doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=188.7s	188.7	 know what they're doing. And maybe it's time for regime change. The Fed increased rates by 25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=194.6s	194.6	 basis points yesterday, Wednesday. So the Fed has increased the federal funds rate from nearly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=201.1s	201.1	 zero in March of 2022 to now the range of 4.75 to 5% fastest rate hike since the 70s. Speculation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=209.5s	209.5	 the Fed might pause rate hikes or even cut. Do the recent banking failures didn't happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=217.9s	217.9	 So if you bet that they were going to pause, you were wrong. If you bet they were going to cut,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=221.4s	221.4	 you were also wrong. But the market has ripped a bit a day after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=229.0s	229.0	 which people are trying to figure out in the group chats doesn't seem like anybody has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=233.2s	233.2	 a theory here. But let's start with sacks. Maybe an explainer a little bit on how the Fed works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=241.4s	241.4	 There's a board there. People serve a 14 year term. I guess they replace somebody every two years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=249.2s	249.2	 And Jerome Powell was placed in 2018 by Trump. And I guess there's a lot of hand wringing now that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=260.3s	260.3	 they were late on inflation, obviously, and then they went too fast. And maybe now they're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=266.2s	266.2	 slowing down enough. So what's your take on it? Objectively, sex, putting aside partisanship and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=271.8s	271.8	 you know, for this administration versus that administration, just objectively,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=275.4s	275.4	 do they know what they're doing? And how could they do a better job?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=278.3s	278.3	 No, I don't think they know what they're doing. They clearly reacted way too late to the inflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=282.3s	282.3	 We've talked about this before. We had that surprise inflation print in the summer of 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=287.1s	287.1	 5.1%. They said it was transitory. They didn't react until November, they continued QE for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=294.3s	294.3	 another six months. And they suddenly got hawkish November of 2021. And they didn't even start the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=299.4s	299.4	 first rate increase until March of 2022. So they were really asleep at the wheel and late
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=305.9s	305.9	 to react to the inflation by about nine months. Now, I think they're potentially making the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=311.4s	311.4	 opposite decision, which is they are late to recognize what stress and distress the economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=319.4s	319.4	 is under right now. And Powell had there was three choices they could have made at this meeting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=325.5s	325.5	 They could have raised rates, which is what they did. They could have cut rates, which they didn't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=329.4s	329.4	 or they could have done nothing, basically held pat. And the argument for raising rates is just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=335.0s	335.0	 that while we have this inflation problem, we need to keep raising interest rates until
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=339.4s	339.4	 the rates are above inflation. And that will bring inflation down. Then you can start to lower rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=343.5s	343.5	 That's sort of the conventional view. I think the problem with that view is it ignores that we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=349.2s	349.2	 just seen a run of bank failures. And there's tremendous stress building up in the banking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=354.2s	354.2	 system from unrealized losses on long dated bonds, also unrealized losses on commercial real estate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=361.7s	361.7	 loans. And we've barely scratched the surface of seeing that problem. That's, I think, the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=366.2s	366.2	 shoe to drop in this whole thing. So I think that the right decision here was to either cut rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=374.2s	374.2	 or to stand pat. You may have seen that Elon said, listen, we should be cutting rates here. There's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=379.1s	379.1	 way too much latency in this inflation data. The economy is seizing up and we don't need to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=384.6s	384.6	 raising rates right now. We actually need to be cutting them. I think that probably, if it were me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=390.9s	390.9	 looking at the upside down side of these decisions, I probably would have just stood pat because,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=395.2s	395.2	 again, we've just seen this banking crisis. Why won't you just wait one month to see? Maybe there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=400.6s	400.6	 is latency in the inflation data. Maybe that banking crisis is not over. Why won't you just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=404.5s	404.5	 stand pat for one month? You can always raise rates in a month. I think that this move here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=409.2s	409.2	 could, in hindsight, be seen as the straw that breaks the camel's back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=412.5s	412.5	 Aaron Ross Schimoth, would you have paused and waited to see another card and then watch the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=417.8s	417.8	 hand developed? Or do you think they're doing the right thing by raising or should they have cut?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=421.4s	421.4	 Peter Van Doren I think they did the worst thing possible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=423.8s	423.8	 which is they took the middle path. If you think about what the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=429.4s	429.4	 has the ability to do, they obviously have the ability to raise and lower interest rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=434.6s	434.6	 But what we don't talk about is they have a balance sheet that can absorb assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=440.6s	440.6	 For the last 10 or 15 years, we've had a phenomenon called quantitative easing. And for folks that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=447.1s	447.1	 don't understand what that means, that is essentially the Federal Reserve buying assets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=453.4s	453.4	 out of the market and giving people money for it so that people can then go and buy other things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=458.6s	458.6	 with that money. Last June, they started what's called quantitative tightening, which is essentially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=465.6s	465.6	 reversing that policy and restricting the liquidity in the system. So if you look at those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=473.1s	473.1	 tools and you sort of play a game tree on what the Fed could have done, I think that you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=480.8s	480.8	 two choices. One is you massively let inflation run amok, where you have no tools to fix, or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=493.5s	493.5	 you have massive illiquidity in the financial system. But you actually do have tools to fix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=499.7s	499.7	 that, which is through some combination of quantitative easing and tightening depending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=503.6s	503.6	 on how much liquidity you want in the system. So I think actually I disagree with Sachs. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=508.8s	508.8	 they should have done the opposite. They should have raised 50 bips. It would have created a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=515.6s	515.6	 little bit more chaos in the short term, but it would have set us up to understand what was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=521.0s	521.0	 fundamentally broken and still give the Federal Reserve the ability to use their balance sheet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=527.0s	527.0	 and use liquidity in the future to solve the problem. They took the worst option,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=531.4s	531.4	 which is neither did they cut nor did they raise enough. And so this problem that Sachs represents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=538.0s	538.0	 actually is the fundamental problem now, which is you won't have enough clarity and signal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=544.4s	544.4	 to really know whether this 25 basis point enough look, I've maintained now for nine months,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=549.6s	549.6	 that rates are going to be long, higher than we like and longer than we want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=554.2s	554.2	 And so I think it's high time that we acknowledge that we have a sticky inflation problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=560.6s	560.6	 whose back we have to break. We've known since Volcker era, what we need to do to do that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=566.2s	566.2	 which is you need to get interest rates to be greater than terminal inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=572.3s	572.3	 which means that a 5% Fed funds rate is insufficient. So we're going to need to see a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=577.8s	577.8	 print of five and a half 5.75%. And that's when you're going to have enough contraction. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=584.7s	584.7	 the Fed can come back with liquidity. But if they don't take these steps, we're going to be in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=590.2s	590.2	 very choppy, neither here, neither there situation. And I think that is what causes the real damage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=597.0s	597.0	 because it's the corrosive effects of uncertainty and what that does to lending to risk taking. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=602.5s	602.5	 I think is really bad for the economy. Freberg, where do you land? We have Sachs saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=607.0s	607.0	 they should have stood Pat. Rich Mott saying either go hard, take the medicine. I don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=612.3s	612.3	 I'm not like an economist on judging the balance that they're trying to weigh right now. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=620.7s	620.7	 everyone's got a different, you can hear a cacophony of opinions on this one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=624.8s	624.8	 What I'm more interested in is, you know, we talk a lot about the banking crisis underway. And I know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=632.2s	632.2	 we're going to talk about this question on commercial real estate in a minute. But if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=636.3s	636.3	 look at the yield on the 10 year treasury, I think, coming out of this past two weeks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=644.2s	644.2	 you know, the yield on the 10 year treasury dropped from 4.1% down to looks like it closed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=649.4s	649.4	 at 3.4% today, nearly a 0.7% decline in the past two and a half, three weeks. And that's also off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=658.0s	658.0	 of 3.8% since the start of the year. And remember when we talked about the impact on asset values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=665.8s	665.8	 at banks, I think, if you look holistically at the roughly $7 trillion of assets held at banks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=673.9s	673.9	 some, you know, whatever the set of banks that are that we looked at,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=678.1s	678.1	 the average kind of equity ratio is about 15%. So, you know, a 2% or sorry, a 3% adjustment over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=687.4s	687.4	 10 years on the treasury impacts the value of a chunk of that portfolio down 25%, which starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=692.8s	692.8	 to put you into dangerous territory. And there's obviously distribution of what that does to certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=698.6s	698.6	 banks that are overweight, you know, 10 year bonds, whether they're loan obligations on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=703.5s	703.5	 mortgages or treasuries, or corporate bonds or real estate bonds, a real estate debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=709.6s	709.6	 And so the more encouraging point that I think we should pay attention to is, does the market tell us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=717.0s	717.0	 that these short term rate actions are driving down the medium and longer term rates in a way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=724.6s	724.6	 that will improve the balance sheets of all these institutions that own a lot of this debt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=730.8s	730.8	 particularly the banks and funds and so on. And, you know, I'll do the math here real quick,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=735.8s	735.8	 but just in the last two weeks, the impact on the 10 year treasury has probably had a pretty sizable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=740.6s	740.6	 impact. You know, we talk about unrealized losses, it's reduced those unrealized losses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=744.5s	744.5	 it's improved them. So I think that that's like the more important metric to be tracking is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=750.6s	750.6	 you know, if you look at all the assets that we're all worried about right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=754.7s	754.7	 are they going up in value or down in value in a way that introduces more stability into these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=760.2s	760.2	 kind of banking systems that we care about. And I think right now it looks like maybe things are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=764.1s	764.1	 improving. And that might be part of the optimism around, you know, equity markets and folks buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=769.2s	769.2	 and so on. Yeah. And so this is, I guess, where people have started to talk about the next shoe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=773.9s	773.9	 to drop. We obviously had this time based liquidity issues with Silicon Valley Bank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=781.4s	781.4	 Now the Wall Street Journal is talking about commercial real estate and how much debt there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=785.4s	785.4	 is. Since COVID, obviously, people are doing more remote work. A lot of the skyscrapers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=790.8s	790.8	 it's not just San Francisco, but in many locations remain empty or underutilized.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=795.4s	795.4	 People are now having their leases come up. Every year, more and more of these leases will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=802.1s	802.1	 become vacant. And then we'll see if these buildings are worth what people paid for them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=808.9s	808.9	 Smaller banks hold around 2.3 trillion in commercial and real estate debt, including rental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=812.7s	812.7	 apartment mortgages. Almost 80% of commercial mortgages are held by banks, according to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=817.2s	817.2	 Wall Street Journal story. Sax, you are an owner of some commercial real estate, and you play in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=823.2s	823.2	 the space. You have a lot of firsthand knowledge. What is your, putting aside your personal holdings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=830.4s	830.4	 or exposure, what is your take on what you're seeing? What is the game on the field right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=835.0s	835.0	 in terms of commercial real estate in San Francisco and beyond?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=839.0s	839.0	 Well, if you talk to the commercial real estate guys, they'll tell you that the situation is dire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=843.8s	843.8	 Dire. There's two problems. First, there's a credit crunch going on. So there's just no credit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=849.9s	849.9	 available. If you're a commercial real estate developer and you have a building and you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=854.5s	854.5	 to refinance your construction loan or put long-term debt on a building, you just can't do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=860.6s	860.6	 I mean, the banks are not open for business. They literally don't want the business. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=865.3s	865.3	 that comes back to the fact that banks right now are hunkered down in an offensive posture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=870.4s	870.4	 They're seeing deposits flee from their banks, unless, of course, you're one of the top four.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=875.7s	875.7	 Does that freeze on the banks predate the Silicon Valley bank crisis and it was exacerbated? Were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=881.9s	881.9	 people having a hard time getting loans before that? It predates it, but definitely what you saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=886.9s	886.9	 with SVB and these other banks, including Credit Suisse, is that banks now are getting much more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=893.1s	893.1	 paranoid. And that's why you saw that if you look at the discount window, which is when the banks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=900.7s	900.7	 go to the Fed as lender of last resorts and basically post-collateral to get liquidity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=907.0s	907.0	 we had the biggest spike in discount window borrowing since the 2008 financial crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=912.3s	912.3	 Yeah, that line on the right side, that is a spike in one week's borrowing. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=917.6s	917.6	 exceeds anything that happened in 2008. The warning signs should be flashing red over something like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=923.5s	923.5	 this. Now, to bring it back to more sure- And to be clear, that's banks who have real estate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=928.5s	928.5	 exposure going to the Fed, going to the government and saying, hey, can we get some money to cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=933.5s	933.5	 these? It's not specifically about real estate. It's more about bank liquidity. The banks are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=937.7s	937.7	 saying, we don't have enough liquidity right now to cover our needs, which are highly volatile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=943.5s	943.5	 right now because basically depositors are moving out of community and regional and small banks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=950.4s	950.4	 into the big four so-called systemically important or SIP banks. So what's happening is that, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=958.1s	958.1	 banks are hunkering down. They're getting very defensive. They do not want to make new loans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=962.6s	962.6	 because they can't tie up assets. They are trying to stay liquid themselves. So that's what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=967.8s	967.8	 happening now with respect to new lending. And then on the other side of it, you have existing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=974.6s	974.6	 loan portfolios. There's something like $20 trillion of commercial real estate debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=979.3s	979.3	 And most commercial real estate lending is done by small banks, by community banks. So they are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=985.5s	985.5	 sitting on these huge CRE loan portfolios. And I think something like 300 billion needs to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=991.8s	991.8	 refinanced or is coming due in the next year. Normally that's rolled over and refinanced.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=997.1s	997.1	 There was separately, there was a study showing that unrealized losses in these loan portfolios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1003.0s	1003.0	 in the banking system may be around $2 trillion. It was a study that was reported on by the Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1007.2s	1007.2	 Street Journal. So in the same way that we had huge unrealized losses in these long-dated bonds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1012.9s	1012.9	 I think we also have- At Silicon Valley Bank specifically, that's where we saw-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1016.6s	1016.6	 They were the worst offender, but it's a systemic problem. I think similarly, we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1022.0s	1022.0	 huge unrealized losses in commercial real estate loan portfolios. And this is, I think, even a more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1028.1s	1028.1	 subtle and pernicious problem because with securities like T-bills or mortgage bonds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1034.0s	1034.0	 it's very easy to know what the unrealized losses are. The reason why they hadn't realized the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1039.0s	1039.0	 losses was not because they didn't know what they were. It was because of a stupid accounting rule
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1042.4s	1042.4	 that said they didn't have to realize the losses if they were, quote unquote, holding them to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1046.6s	1046.6	 maturity. With these loan portfolios, we don't know how big the exposure is, and we won't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1052.7s	1052.7	 until you start seeing some defaults and repricings of assets and you actually see-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1058.0s	1058.0	 Commercial real estate is a much more dynamic market. You have to have a buyer there. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1062.7s	1062.7	 have leases. You have leases coming off at different times. You have subleases occurring,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1067.8s	1067.8	 and you have the owners of them flipping them and refinancing them constantly to buy new buildings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1073.8s	1073.8	 Right. And those loans aren't as liquid, right? With a mortgage bond, those are basically a bunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1080.2s	1080.2	 of loans, mortgages typically that have been packaged up and turned into a security, and there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1085.4s	1085.4	 a liquid marketplace to trade them. In the case of these loan portfolios, there may not be a liquid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1089.9s	1089.9	 marketplace, so you don't really know how impaired that loan portfolio is until you actually get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1095.8s	1095.8	 a place where- When will we know? Because that's the thing I'm wondering. I saw a lot of headlines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1102.6s	1102.6	 Pinterest bought themselves out of their new headquarters in the Bay Area, San Francisco,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1106.8s	1106.8	 I believe specifically. I heard Facebook got rid of a couple billion dollars and wrote down some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1111.2s	1111.2	 expansion. Amazon is selling buildings. They had gotten a ton of buildings, and we saw last week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1116.3s	1116.3	 they got rid of another 9,000, or they're planning another 9,000 in a riff, and they can't get people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1120.6s	1120.6	 to come back to the office. So how bad is the overbuild, I guess is the question, because that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1127.0s	1127.0	 will be the driver of the value of these buildings, because if there's too much supply,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1132.6s	1132.6	 then what are these buildings actually worth? Are they worth $90 a square foot? What if Amazon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1136.6s	1136.6	 doesn't want more space? You can see it in the credit default spreads of these banks. It's in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1140.1s	1140.1	 the water table already, so Nick, you can just throw it up. If you look at any bank that's lending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1145.3s	1145.3	 and that has a portfolio, this is Deutsche Bank's Euro-denominated CDS, but it's the same for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1152.4s	1152.4	 Barclays, it's the same for SockGen, it's the same for a bunch of American banks. There is a risk in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1157.8s	1157.8	 the system that Saks articulated that is now getting priced in. There are all kinds of loans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1163.8s	1163.8	 whose payments, which the banks need, cannot necessarily be insured, which means that then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1170.5s	1170.5	 there could be illiquidity there, there could be a flow of deposits out from those banks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1174.9s	1174.9	 which would then make their ability to pay their debt holders lower. You also have this complicated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1180.7s	1180.7	 issue already where it's really like the first time in a long, long, long time where debt holders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1187.7s	1187.7	 actually got wiped out in the credit suisse debacle before the equity holders did,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1194.2s	1194.2	 and that's created all kinds of ripple effects. So this credit bubble is here and it's being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1202.5s	1202.5	 manifested right now in these very sophisticated parts of the market, and eventually they'll ripple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1208.6s	1208.6	 to the broader economy at large. But how a person feels this is they're not going to be able to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1215.4s	1215.4	 a car loan or a mortgage or the interest rates they pay will go up. And then how bondholders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1221.5s	1221.5	 will react to all of this stuff is they'll just start to find different assets, probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1227.6s	1227.6	 the front end of the curve, money market, cash, gold, and they'll just abandon all these assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1234.4s	1234.4	 And then the other problem is that it's just really, really bad for risk assets. So the things that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1242.1s	1242.1	 invest in, either in a world of inflation run amok because the Fed isn't hiking fast enough,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1251.2s	1251.2	 which just destroys future cash flows, or in a world where the Fed pivots in a moment like this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1257.8s	1257.8	 and Nick, you can show the second chart, both result in the same outcome, which is that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1262.9s	1262.9	 just see these massive drawdowns in the value of risk assets. So we're in a really complicated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1271.3s	1271.3	 moment. And this is why I think, again, the Fed needed to take leadership this past week and actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1279.7s	1279.7	 do the hard work of either cutting 50 bips or raising 50 bips. And this middle path is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1287.8s	1287.8	 absolute worst path because trying to thread a needle in this complicated economy, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1292.5s	1292.5	 is just going to be impossible. And then what happens is then the markets move around them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1297.5s	1297.5	 right? The markets have completely said, we now discredit what you did. And they're basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1304.1s	1304.1	 banking that the Fed will be forced to cut rates massively in short course, because the crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1311.8s	1311.8	 will be so severe that it'll outweigh the risk of inflation. Think about that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1318.5s	1318.5	 Yeah. So all this real estate comes on the market. There's no buyers for it. The mortgages are due.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1325.7s	1325.7	 Does that mean a commercial real estate owner just basically gets foreclosed on and they hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1330.2s	1330.2	 the keys back to the bank or the banks, as this Wall Street Journal story was sort of alluding to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1336.5s	1336.5	 that the Fed will say, you know what, we'll just extend, we'll backstop this real estate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1341.4s	1341.4	 which happened in the last bubble. And we hope that over time, it works itself out and demand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1346.6s	1346.6	 returns. Now, of course, that's different than a post COVID world. So this time could be different.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1352.6s	1352.6	 What happens in the case of 2024, 2025? All of these office spaces are returned and the keys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1359.8s	1359.8	 are handed back. Yeah. So, okay. So, Jason, you asked a question like how does this problem manifest?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1364.2s	1364.2	 Let me describe from the point of view of that real estate owner. There's basically two problems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1369.3s	1369.3	 One is that you have a tenant who's in a long-term lease, five, seven, 10 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1374.0s	1374.0	 that lease rolls. So that lease comes due. Now they don't need the space anymore. We know that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1379.6s	1379.6	 take San Francisco, which has got to be the worst market for Syria in the country right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1384.4s	1384.4	 that's something like 30 to 40% of the space is vacant. So that's either space for rent or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1389.7s	1389.7	 space for sublease because no one's using it. So they put it back on the market. Well, all those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1395.1s	1395.1	 subleases, they're still paying rent because they have a contract. So what happens is as those leases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1400.9s	1400.9	 roll, now all of a sudden you don't have to pay rent anymore. So you're going to stop. Or if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1404.2s	1404.2	 still need the space, you're going to negotiate a much, much lower rent. So now all of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1409.8s	1409.8	 the real estate owner can't make their debt service covenant ratios. The income from the building is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1415.8s	1415.8	 just substantially less. They can't make their debt service. Let's pause on that and explain that ratio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1421.0s	1421.0	 to folks. You have a certain amount of debt. You own, let's say, Salesforce Tower. In Salesforce's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1426.3s	1426.3	 case, they're subleasing 125,000 square feet. Let's say they were into that for 500 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1432.2s	1432.2	 What is this debt service ratio? Explain that to the audience. When the bank underwrites the loan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1436.1s	1436.1	 they just figure out the interest that you got to pay on the loan relative to the value of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1440.6s	1440.6	 building or the income that it's generating. But all those ratios are upside down now because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1445.4s	1445.4	 value of the buildings, the rent has gone down so much because there's so much vacancy. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1450.0s	1450.0	 when these loans were underwritten, San Francisco had like a 5% vacancy rate. And now it's like 30
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1455.4s	1455.4	 to 40%. There are just no tenants. And then in parallel with that, Jason, you've got all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1460.6s	1460.6	 cases where you don't only have tenants or leases rolling, you have loans rolling. Again, if the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1466.4s	1466.4	 owner of the building has either a construction loan or a long-term debt and that needs to roll,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1471.6s	1471.6	 they have to refinance it. And if they can even get credit, which they may not be able to because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1476.1s	1476.1	 of this crunch, they're going to be paying a lot more for it. So now all of a sudden, the income
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1480.1s	1480.1	 statement for that building doesn't make sense. Think about it. Your borrowing costs are higher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1484.8s	1484.8	 and your revenue is lower. So now all of a sudden, the building is underwater.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1488.6s	1488.6	 So where does that end up? Well, they default on the debt and the bank ends up owning the building.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1493.6s	1493.6	 So then what happens is you end up with all of downtown San Francisco owned by a bunch of banks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1498.9s	1498.9	 What are they going to do with it? They don't want to be in the real estate business. So they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1501.7s	1501.7	 have to fire sale those buildings in a bunch of auctions at rock bottom prices because by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1507.4s	1507.4	 there's no cash or liquidity out there. So who are the buyers? Who's the buyer?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1511.5s	1511.5	 There are no buyers. We have a 30% vacancy rate. There's no renter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1515.0s	1515.0	 So what happens? Detroit? Is it just like a dead city?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1519.3s	1519.3	 And then the tax base collapses the city because so much of the tax base is dependent on real estate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1523.9s	1523.9	 So listen, I think they're going to have to work this out. I don't think they can just let
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1528.2s	1528.2	 the free market take its course here because you're going to end up with the scenario I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1531.1s	1531.1	 painted. So I think what hopefully would happen maybe is that the banks do some sort of deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1538.0s	1538.0	 with the real estate owners that they blend and extend or whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1543.0s	1543.0	 But in order to do that, they're going to need to be backstop by somebody. And that's the Fed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1546.6s	1546.6	 Freberg, what are your thoughts? Just writ large as it were on the commercial real estate space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1551.2s	1551.2	 because it's $90. It was $90 a square foot for Class A sacks in the city. Is that the price?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1557.7s	1557.7	 Yeah. I mean.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1558.2s	1558.2	 What's that going to be?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1559.0s	1559.0	 60, 70, 80, 90 bucks a foot, depending on what kind of building you're talking about. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1563.0s	1563.0	 you have all these empty office towers. So look, I never invest in office towers. I do small
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1567.8s	1567.8	 boutique kind of brick and timber spaces in Jackson Square. We're doing OK because people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1572.2s	1572.2	 still want to be in those spaces. But these office towers on Market Street or in Soma,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1578.4s	1578.4	 I mean, which is where all the investment went during the boom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1581.4s	1581.4	 nobody wants to be in those buildings anymore. And it doesn't help that the city has allowed this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1586.0s	1586.0	 giant open air drug market to metastasize right outside their door.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1591.4s	1591.4	 Freberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1591.8s	1591.8	 Yeah, I think it's inevitable. We'll have probably $2 to $3 trillion of federal money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1598.3s	1598.3	 you know, spent to backstop and support the asset. I mean, that's the general theme here in case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1605.1s	1605.1	 everyone isn't paying attention at home is that the Fed, the US government will continue to print
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1612.5s	1612.5	 money and create programs to effectively support asset values such that there isn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1619.3s	1619.3	 a crippling economic ripple effect. And this is the danger of debt, spiral of debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1626.4s	1626.4	 And that's why I always talk about how concerned I am about global debt levels and particularly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1630.4s	1630.4	 debt levels in the US, but really global debt levels. I'll say the statistic again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1634.4s	1634.4	 and over and over again, 360% global debt to global GDP. But, you know, even within some of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1641.6s	1641.6	 these asset classes, a significant amount of debt has been used to fuel asset prices and to fuel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1646.4s	1646.4	 equity value. And then that equity value gets levered and reinvested. And so the rippling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1650.3s	1650.3	 effect in the economy of declining asset value can be magnified through leverage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1656.5s	1656.5	 And it unfortunately debt in general forces growth. Without growth, debt fails. And so when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1665.8s	1665.8	 we've used debt to demand growth on a macro perspective, it causes, you know, significant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1672.5s	1672.5	 stress and strain on the system when you're going through periods of like we are right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1676.0s	1676.0	 what should be natural recessionary effects from COVID and shutting down the economy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1679.9s	1679.9	 or natural asset price declines because of that. And we can't let it happen because if it were to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1684.7s	1684.7	 happen, the rippling effect would be crippling. So this is a good example. You'll probably,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1689.0s	1689.0	 I don't know what the facility will look like. Maybe the government passes some congressional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1693.7s	1693.7	 bill that says, Hey guys, here's $3 trillion to support, you know, all this real estate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1699.0s	1699.0	 Here's another, you know, 2 trillion to support banks and, you know, giving them liquidity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1703.8s	1703.8	 Because the other problem, as you guys know, is most people's, most of the population in the US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1709.8s	1709.8	 has most of their assets, their asset value or their equity value in their home.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1714.2s	1714.2	 And those home prices are supported by residential loan programs. And, you know, if you actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1721.7s	1721.7	 have a massive write down of the value of that asset class, that's when, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1725.2s	1725.2	 everything kind of falls apart. So, you know, we will continue to be buoyed by that, that, that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1729.8s	1729.8	 that kind of inflationary behavior. Unfortunately, biology, I think has it right. We'll talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1735.8s	1735.8	 it in a minute that there has to be money printing to get out of this hole. I don't know if it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1741.3s	1741.3	 necessarily in this moment, hyperinflationary as he predicts, you know, he uses the Deutschmark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1746.5s	1746.5	 and the Weimar Republic as this kind of storyline that this is what's about to happen in the US.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1751.4s	1751.4	 The truth is, it looks a little bit more like the pound sterling at the end of the British Empire,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1756.5s	1756.5	 where, you know, there's certainly an inflationary and devaluation effect that arises, but it's not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1761.4s	1761.4	 it is the reserve currency of the world today. So it's really hard to kind of just say, Hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1765.8s	1765.8	 it's going to be hyperinflationary and the value is going to go to zero. It's just not going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1768.6s	1768.6	 happen. So that seems to be the dollar of the dollar. Yeah. So that seems to be the bet now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1773.3s	1773.3	 Chamath, that some folks are predicting catastrophizing. Hey, this is the end of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1781.0s	1781.0	 US supremacy, the end of the dollar. Of course, modern monetary theory seems to stay, you can just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1786.3s	1786.3	 keep printing dollars and make a couple of trillion dollar coins and backstop it. And by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1791.0s	1791.0	 TARP was profitable modestly for the United States and the backstop of real estate totally worked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1796.6s	1796.6	 So where do you land on this? Do you think these backstops and modern monetary theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1801.4s	1801.4	 stating that you can just print money, you own your own fiat currency is going to work?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1805.2s	1805.2	 Or as we pivot to the billion dollar, I'm sorry, the million dollar biology, Bitcoin bet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1812.0s	1812.0	 that this is the end of days. I think it's not the end of days, but I think you're conflating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1817.4s	1817.4	 a bunch of things together. So look, MMT was in hindsight, idiotic in the moment, it never quite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1825.5s	1825.5	 made sense, but in hindsight, it's clearly idiotic. And I think that we can properly dispense with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1831.9s	1831.9	 that. But the reason that we print so much money is sort of what Freebrook says, which is that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1839.2s	1839.2	 just want a well functioning society. And the simplest and shortest way to do that is to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1846.6s	1846.6	 sure that there aren't any winners and losers anymore. And the most effective way to do that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1851.0s	1851.0	 in the markets is with money, print a bunch of money, and there are no more winners and losers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1855.9s	1855.9	 And so everybody can kind of win, some people may win more, but nobody really ever loses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1862.5s	1862.5	 So I think that's the that's the MO that we're operating under.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1868.6s	1868.6	 The thing is, I don't think that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1869.4s	1869.4	 There's something unhealthy to that, Chamath, you're sort of alluding to no losers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1873.3s	1873.3	 That's a more philosophical and a commentary on capitalism and a bunch of other things. And you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1878.5s	1878.5	 right, I don't think it makes sense. I do think you need winners and losers to really make society
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1883.9s	1883.9	 function well. But the other part of it is like, does it reinforce or does it decay US dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1891.8s	1891.8	 hegemony? And I think it actually reinforces it. And the reason is just very practically speaking,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1898.0s	1898.0	 when you look at how dependent other people, other countries are on the US dollar in times of stress,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1903.8s	1903.8	 they actually become more dependent. And that has a lot to do with their boring patterns,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1909.8s	1909.8	 the amount of dollars central banks need outside the United States. And so what did you see in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1913.5s	1913.5	 moment of stress? Actually, the Fed opened up swap lines to all the central banks that they work with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1919.8s	1919.8	 their most important operating partners. So Europe, Canada, Japan, etc. Switzerland,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1925.3s	1925.3	 and they move the liquidity window from weekly to daily and they pounded the swap lines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1931.3s	1931.3	 So I don't know, I think that most people that that kind of like it's like a boy crying wolf,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1935.8s	1935.8	 maybe at some point, somebody will be right, but you're going to lose so much money trying to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1939.8s	1939.8	 a point of view around this topic that it's more practical to just look at dollar flows.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1946.1s	1946.1	 And dollar flows go up in moments of stress, not go down. And they go up in a distributed manner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1953.2s	1953.2	 across the monetary plumbing of the world. All right, so let's explain the biology bet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1957.0s	1957.0	 since that trended and he is the boy poop. As you're saying, what cried wolf this past week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1963.1s	1963.1	 cried Bitcoin. Yeah, the boy cried Bitcoin very well said. So friend of the pod biology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1969.6s	1969.6	 on March 17 predicted that Bitcoin will reach $1 million in 90 days due to us hyperinflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1979.4s	1979.4	 hyperinflation is defined as prices going up 50% month over month, just so we're clear on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1985.4s	1985.4	 exactly how dramatic that is. He made the bet on March 17 against a pseudo anonymous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1991.9s	1991.9	 Twitter user, James Medlock, who said they would bet 1 million that the US would not experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=1997.4s	1997.4	 hyperinflation. So biology sort of inserted Bitcoin into that bet, it wasn't a Bitcoin bet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2003.6s	2003.6	 that and I think he's done two of these bets. So he's betting 2 million in total on Bitcoin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2009.0s	2009.0	 hitting 1 million by June 17, which there's probably no chance of that happening or very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2014.5s	2014.5	 tiny chance I'll ask the panel in a second. Bitcoin was trading at 25 26,000 at the time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2019.8s	2019.8	 it's now trading at over 28,000. And Balaji has been on every podcast known to man in the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2026.8s	2026.8	 72 hours talking about this. I've watched one or two of them. And it's pretty out there argument,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2033.4s	2033.4	 I think. And you can just type in Balaji on YouTube and watch any of the 20 he's done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2039.0s	2039.0	 He believes regional banks are insolvent. He thinks the feds need to is going to need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2043.0s	2043.0	 print a massive amount of money. Like we've said here, do more QE and then cut rates all seems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2049.5s	2049.5	 reasonable. But that that will lead to hyperinflation. It's not reasonable. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2055.0s	2055.0	 no, no, not that it's reasonable. We just print we just printed that they're going to cut rates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2059.0s	2059.0	 we just discussed they're going to eventually cut rates and there'll be more QE. So that part is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2062.7s	2062.7	 reasonable. I'm just that one little piece. But then he believes is the part that is kind of out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2067.4s	2067.4	 there, that hyperinflation is going to devalue the dollar. And this is the time he does not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2073.8s	2073.8	 And I made a bunch of I asked him this a bunch of times and he would not be honest about it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2079.5s	2079.5	 or didn't want to answer my question. I said, Hey, what percentage are you in Bitcoin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2084.0s	2084.0	 Somebody says he's 99% in Bitcoin, he will not confirm. And so I was like, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2088.6s	2088.6	 if you want 1000 bitcoins, if this goes up, you know, a very small amount,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2093.4s	2093.4	 four or 5%, you're going to pay for the bets. And are you talking your own book here or not?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2098.4s	2098.4	 Sax, what do you think of this overall bet? Is it a stunt? Yeah, he's saying like, this is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2103.9s	2103.9	 lifeboats moment. And just to add to it, he says you have to leave the United States and get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2109.4s	2109.4	 Singapore, or a place or if you're going to stay in the United States, you need to get to Wyoming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2114.2s	2114.2	 or Texas or somewhere that explicitly allows Bitcoin. Because the closer you are to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2117.8s	2117.8	 United States banking system, what happened to Silicon Valley Bank on that fateful weekend where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2123.0s	2123.0	 people couldn't get their cash and we're going to have to, you know, miss payroll. He says that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2127.9s	2127.9	 the dry run for the entire US banking system. Sax. So first of all, I don't think you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2132.5s	2132.5	 disparage Balgi because someone who cries wolf says this repeatedly, and it makes a dire prediction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2139.0s	2139.0	 repeatedly and is wrong. And we can't say yet that Balgi is wrong. Do I think that we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2144.6s	2144.6	 to have a million dollar Bitcoin in 90 days? I personally find that very unlikely, but you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2149.4s	2149.4	 can't say yet. He stuck his neck out making a prediction that will be easily falsified if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2156.2s	2156.2	 he's wrong. Second, the last time that Balgi made a dire prediction was COVID. And he was right about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2162.9s	2162.9	 that one. So you can't say that this is just like a doomer who throws out crazy predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2168.0s	2168.0	 and is always wrong. He's actually pretty selective about his predictions. There is a tweet from January
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2174.3s	2174.3	 30th of 2020, in which he basically predicted a pandemic based on a coronavirus and laid out a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2181.1s	2181.1	 whole bunch of consequences that mostly came true. Which is why we're talking about this. This is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2187.0s	2187.0	 just some like random person like he actually has pedigree in a track record. Here's my view on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2194.4s	2194.4	 Doom and gloom. Him and the same Taleb, the two of our opening speakers, all in summary 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2201.0s	2201.0	 Those would be our bookhead speakers. Book them now. Anyway, so look, now what do I think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2207.6s	2207.6	 it? I posted my own theory today, which I would call sort of Balgi light, which is, okay, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2216.9s	2216.9	 if you think about this spiking interest rates that we've had, and that Tramathinx washi continue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2220.9s	2220.9	 quite a bit longer, there are three main effects that it indisputably has. Number one, undercuts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2227.0s	2227.0	 the value of long dated bonds. Number two, it's made lending much more expensive, particularly for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2232.9s	2232.9	 big purchases like real estate. Number three, it's increased government lending costs. Okay. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2237.8s	2237.8	 play that through the financial system. What does that mean? Well, if the value of long dated bonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2242.3s	2242.3	 has sharply decreased, well, that's led to this banking crisis with the unrealized losses. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2247.7s	2247.7	 already happened. Number two, it's made lending more expensive, the credit crunch and CRE,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2251.8s	2251.8	 where we need to see that. I believe that's going to play out as the second crisis of this larger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2256.6s	2256.6	 financial crisis. Then number three is the increase in government borrowing costs that will eventually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2262.0s	2262.0	 play out in terms of being a government debt crisis of some kind. I think it will involve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2268.2s	2268.2	 a spike in borrowing costs at the federal level and involve sovereign debt issues internationally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2274.0s	2274.0	 I think it will involve budget deficits at states and cities. I think there's three phases to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2280.6s	2280.6	 financial crisis. We're in phase one and I think CRE and government debt are the next two phases.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2286.0s	2286.0	 I think a lot of that lines up with what Balaji thinks. Where I disagree with him is I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2291.4s	2291.4	 we can know what's going to happen in 90 days. I think that the CRE crisis is highly deflationary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2296.7s	2296.7	 It's going to create distress everywhere in the economy. That is going to lead to a massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2301.4s	2301.4	 reduction in liquidity. I think that the government debt crisis, assuming the government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2305.8s	2305.8	 wants to inflate and monetize the debt as a way to solve that problem, that will be highly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2311.0s	2311.0	 inflationary. But when these things play out, we can't know. I think that's what makes this really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2315.7s	2315.7	 hard is I think jumping all the way to the finish line and saying, we're going to have a million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2321.4s	2321.4	 dollar Bitcoin in 90 days because the US dollar is worthless, I think that's premature. I think this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2326.1s	2326.1	 could play out over the next couple of years. We have a real problem if Bitcoin is the exit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2331.2s	2331.2	 ramp for an inflationary crisis because it's not accessible enough. It's not easily transactable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2340.3s	2340.3	 I'm sorry to be negative to the Bitcoin maximalists. I'm generally in favor of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2345.9s	2345.9	 kind of independent storage system that's outside of government and state control. I think there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2352.6s	2352.6	 just this unfortunate reality. I mean, we saw what the Wells noticed at Coinbase today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2355.8s	2355.8	 They just arrested that crypto guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2359.5s	2359.5	 Doe Quan was arrested in Montenegro of all places.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2362.9s	2362.9	 Great country. Kraken won't let you wire money in or out as of I think Monday or Tuesday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2368.0s	2368.0	 And so, it's clearly becoming a less accessible system of storage. No, what's more accessible?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2375.7s	2375.7	 Well, I do think that one of the reasons we're seeing the market move the way it does is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2379.4s	2379.4	 folks are shifting their risk assets around quite a bit right now to figure out where is a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2384.0s	2384.0	 place to put money. I was talking with an asset manager this morning and they had a very strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2393.8s	2393.8	 point of view. Folks are moving capital away from what they think are going to be most impacted by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2400.2s	2400.2	 the risk of this kind of massive inflationary event that may arise or this massive banking crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2404.6s	2404.6	 that may arise or this massive real estate crisis that may arise. And there are other places to then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2409.8s	2409.8	 put your capital that's not just Bitcoin. And sure, maybe some of these things are dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2414.2s	2414.2	 denominated, but for example, there are many businesses that sell products in non-dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2418.6s	2418.6	 denominated currencies globally. And while they report and trade on US stock exchanges,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2423.1s	2423.1	 you're buying a security interest in a business that generates most of its income.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2426.3s	2426.3	 You're referring to?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2428.2s	2428.2	 Referring to many different companies. And so, there are many companies that get the bulk of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2432.3s	2432.3	 their revenue, the bulk of their sales internationally. There are also many companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2436.7s	2436.7	 that will benefit in an inflationary environment, businesses that are tied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2440.1s	2440.1	 to other types of real estate, businesses that are tied to certain capital equipment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2443.9s	2443.9	 where consumption will not go down unless there's significant massive global socioeconomic shock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2450.6s	2450.6	 And so, I think that that's a lot of what's going on right now. It's less about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2453.9s	2453.9	 hey, Bitcoin is the only place to go and be safe. And it's more about, let me reallocate my risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2458.2s	2458.2	 assets a little bit to places that may benefit from or may be better guarded from a massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2466.5s	2466.5	 inflationary shock. Let me say one more thing. I think one of the biggest risks that is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2472.4s	2472.4	 being talked about is the debt ceiling vote that's due in June. In June, Congress needs to pass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2483.5s	2483.5	 an increase in the debt ceiling because the amount of debt that the federal government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2489.7s	2489.7	 is going to have to take on in order to meet our budget deficit and refinance our debt and pay our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2495.2s	2495.2	 obligations historically means that we're going to have to have more than what we've approved to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2501.6s	2501.6	 date in terms of the total amount of debt. Now, this has historically been a last-minute vote,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2507.0s	2507.0	 crazy dramatic thing that drives markets nuts. The Hill had a public opinion piece from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2514.8s	2514.8	 Peter Warwick and Mary Spath, but I think they make a good point. I've talked to a lot of folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2521.1s	2521.1	 who are call it in the fixed income market, but also folks who are in the equities markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2525.7s	2525.7	 publicly who are pretty nervous about the debt ceiling vote. And if it does look like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2531.1s	2531.1	 Republican party takes a very hard line and says, because this is the current party line, if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2538.1s	2538.1	 don't agree to massive deficit cuts or spending cuts and really commit to that in a bill that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2546.1s	2546.1	 can pass that then also approves the increase in the debt limit, we are not going to approve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2551.4s	2551.4	 increasing the debt limit. And what this opinion piece argues, I think is a very good middle of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2556.4s	2556.4	 the line solution, which is come up with points of view and actually document those points of view
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2563.1s	2563.1	 on making sure that government spending is effectively accountable, that there's no more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2567.9s	2567.9	 wasteful spending and that there are certain programs that both parties can very quickly agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2572.3s	2572.3	 to as being very wasteful. And if you start there, you maybe get enough across the line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2578.7s	2578.7	 that both parties kind of say, this makes sense, let's do this. And then we can kind of increase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2582.6s	2582.6	 the debt limit. Because in the absence of that, the US will have to default on debt. This is always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2587.1s	2587.1	 the big threats never happened. And if that happens, or there is the looming threat of that happening,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2591.8s	2591.8	 combined with the banking crisis, combined with the liquidity crisis, combined with the real estate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2598.2s	2598.2	 crisis that may be emerging here. Let me ask you a question that you can have things really melt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2602.6s	2602.6	 down. So look, I think this is the biggest like black swan, it's not a black swan, but this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2607.7s	2607.7	 the biggest kind of elephant in the room right now is and I think that and sorry, I think if people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2612.4s	2612.4	 in DC could get together today, and if you could instead of doing the typical last minute 24 hour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2617.8s	2617.8	 vote, a day before the debt ceiling needs to be increased, be thoughtful and do it. If this could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2622.2s	2622.2	 be addressed today, it could start to put in some of the layers of backstop and coverage and protection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2627.9s	2627.9	 and safety that the markets I think really need to manage some of the trepidation in the in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2632.8s	2632.8	 weeks and months ahead. I want to jump to the crypto crackdown and get your opinion on that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2636.4s	2636.4	 sex horse. But I want to do a clarifying point here with freeburg, you have been in the Ray Dalio end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2641.8s	2641.8	 of empires, empires collapse, and that hey, maybe the US is winding down its supremacy and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2649.0s	2649.0	 Bolligy was pretty much saying, Yep, this is the moment where is there any light between your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2657.0s	2657.0	 position of like, hey, Dalio is correct. This is the end of the empire and Bolligy is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2661.4s	2661.4	 it's the end of the empire right now. Where do you stand on that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2665.4s	2665.4	 So I mean, I've always I've been concerned, I've told you guys this for like three years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2668.8s	2668.8	 and I've obviously promoted this book for two and a half years. When Dalio's points of view,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2675.0s	2675.0	 with lots of kind of empirical wisdom behind it, I think, indicate that the US is on a path and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2680.8s	2680.8	 way we spend and the way we behave, we behave, and the way markets are reacting, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2684.7s	2684.7	 indicates that a lot of what has happened historically is happening now in the US.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2689.1s	2689.1	 Now, it doesn't, I don't know if it's gonna happen overnight. That's where I would have light with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2694.8s	2694.8	 Bolligy. Okay, the notion of kind of hyperinflation again, I think, means that something about all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2703.9s	2703.9	 the US dollar holders around the world, it would be a shock for the collective system. It would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2710.3s	2710.3	 require the collective system to collectively agree to get off the dollar very quickly for that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2715.2s	2715.2	 to really happen. Yeah, in the meantime, I do think there will be a flationary effects. I do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2719.7s	2719.7	 think there will be massive kind of asset value shocks. But I'm not sure there's going to be this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2724.9s	2724.9	 kind of like Weimar Republic, Deutsche Mark hyperinflation thing, because it is the reserve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2729.6s	2729.6	 currency and it is so widely held by everyone. It would require collective giving up. It also seems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2736.2s	2736.2	 like there may be, you know, we talked a lot about the Petro Yuan trade, which I think is critical to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2739.7s	2739.7	 see that actually happen. I think that's going to be the linchpin. Got it. Maybe that catalyzes this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2744.4s	2744.4	 And that seems to be a little bit tightrope right now, too. It doesn't seem super definitive that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2748.7s	2748.7	 Saudis are embracing China. There's obviously this behavior with, you know, it's not as definitive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2756.6s	2756.6	 right now. I think that that needs to happen to kind of really catalyze that. Let's get our tinfoil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2760.8s	2760.8	 hats on here for a second. In relation to the Balaji bet, there has been a lot of action against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2766.8s	2766.8	 crypto. Obviously, authoritarian countries took control of crypto long ago, China banning it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2774.0s	2774.0	 etc. North Korea, other authoritarian places kind of tighten their grip on it. Now here in the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2780.2s	2780.2	 States, Coinbase got a Wells notice. That is a warning basically, and giving you a last chance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2785.1s	2785.1	 to kind of respond to the SEC. And this was based on their loaning programs. And on top of that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2792.8s	2792.8	 a number of other crypto crackdowns have occurred. We saw celebrities getting smacked down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2798.6s	2798.6	 and getting fines and doing settlements. This has led Sachs to a theory that the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2806.7s	2806.7	 government wants to break the back of crypto. Crypto has done a great job of breaking their own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2812.0s	2812.0	 back with plenty of crypto grifts inside our trading and all kinds of shenanigans with FTX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2817.7s	2817.7	 and front running and painting the tape. Any grift or criminal activity possible seems to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2822.6s	2822.6	 have been exploited. Do you think that these two things are in some way coordinated or there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2828.5s	2828.5	 coordinated effort by the US government to destroy and kill crypto as an off ramp for the US dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2835.1s	2835.1	 while the US dollar is dealing with these crises? Sachs? Well, there's a really interesting article
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2839.9s	2839.9	 that was just published on Substack by Nick Carter, who I guess a guest writer on Mike Solana's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2845.6s	2845.6	 Substack called Pirate Wires. This is a follow-up piece to an article he wrote six weeks ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2851.2s	2851.2	 where he laid out an operation by the Biden administration called Operation Choke Point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2856.4s	2856.4	 which made the case that the Biden administration was quietly attempting to ban crypto. And now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2862.7s	2862.7	 a month later, there's all these things that are all these steps that the administration is taking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2868.0s	2868.0	 to go after crypto. And he lays out a bunch in a bullet point list. So the SEC announced a lawsuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2874.6s	2874.6	 against crypto infrastructure company Paxos. Crypto exchange Kraken settled with the SEC.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2880.2s	2880.2	 SEC Chair Gensler openly labeled every crypto asset other than Bitcoin to security.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2886.1s	2886.1	 Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works held a hearing lambasting Bitcoin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2890.2s	2890.2	 Biden administration proposed a bill that singles out crypto miners for owner's tax treatment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2894.8s	2894.8	 New York Attorney General declared Ethereum, which is the second largest crypto asset,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2898.2s	2898.2	 a security. That's a huge change, by the way. Yep. SEC continues its anti-consumer protection efforts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2905.3s	2905.3	 by doubling down their attempt to block a spot Bitcoin ETF. OCC let Crypto Bank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2911.3s	2911.3	 Protegos' application for a national trust charter expire. And then the SEC just sent Coinbase a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2917.3s	2917.3	 Wells notice. So I think it's hard to argue that there isn't a concerted effort now to crack down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2924.7s	2924.7	 on crypto by a wide variety of government agencies and authorities, starting with Gensler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2931.7s	2931.7	 at the SEC, who seems incredibly hostile to crypto. So now the only question is, is this correlated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2939.0s	2939.0	 with the stress that the banking system is under or is it just a coincidence?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2943.6s	2943.6	 And that I don't know. But I think the argument biology would make is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2948.3s	2948.3	 at the same time, they're going to deflate the dollar, they're going to make it harder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2951.4s	2951.4	 for you to find an off-ramp. And he actually brought up a historical example that I wasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2957.9s	2957.9	 aware of. I think it was called Executive Order 6201, which is FDR, way back in the 1930s,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2963.7s	2963.7	 actually had an executive order that confiscated all the private gold bullion in the country.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2969.4s	2969.4	 And they seized the gold bullion, making the accusation that private citizens were hoarding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2975.5s	2975.5	 too much gold. So in any event, this is the theory. I don't know whether it's true or not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2980.7s	2980.7	 It could be a coincidence. Shabath, do you think that this is correlated in any way with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2986.2s	2986.2	 the crisis or is just the fact that FTX blew up and all these other things blew up and the public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2991.3s	2991.3	 is really upset that they lost a lot of money on this and the SEC has got to cover and be a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=2997.8s	2997.8	 bit more active instead of reactive when it comes to dealing with the crypto losses that consumers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3003.4s	3003.4	 had? That's the latter. I mean, I think that there is a rumor going around. I don't know how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3008.2s	3008.2	 true it is that FTX was days away from getting a critical approval by the SEC to actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3017.3s	3017.3	 even further legitimize their US exchange before they went out of business. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3021.6s	3021.6	 I think Gensler had to pivot very hard from at a minimum being very pro FTX and there's all kinds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3027.6s	3027.6	 of stories about his interrelatedness with Sam and his family to very anti-BIT or anti-crypto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3034.3s	3034.3	 in general. That's clearly happened. But look, I think that this is like a lot of tin-hatting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3040.3s	3040.3	 which I don't think is very productive. If you look at the total number of non-zero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3047.3s	3047.3	 Bitcoin wallet addresses in the world, and let's be extremely generous and say it's a hundred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3054.6s	3054.6	 million, there's still seven billion people in the world. And so I just think everybody that tries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3061.3s	3061.3	 to speak about the fragility of the US and worldwide banking system is right. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3069.5s	3069.5	 part I think is quite lucid and unemotional. But every time they try to connect it to Bitcoin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3075.1s	3075.1	 they sound like a crazy person because they're just talking their book.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3078.0s	3078.0	 Aaron Powell And that is exactly the case, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3080.8s	3080.8	 with this kid Nick Carter. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3082.1s	3082.1	 Ramesh Parakh And the best example to demonstrate this is in all of this chaos,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3087.0s	3087.0	 if Bitcoin or crypto assets in general were truly a legitimate off-ramp and salvation from US dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3099.1s	3099.1	 hegemony and all of this stuff, why isn't Bitcoin at least at 35,000 a coin right now? It's barely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3105.6s	3105.6	 above 28,000. It really hasn't moved that much. And I think the real answer is that most people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3111.4s	3111.4	 in Bitcoin are not trying to hedge their existing fiat currency exposure. They're just picking off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3120.0s	3120.0	 people in retail. And they're just trading this thing. I mean, how else do you explain an asset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3128.4s	3128.4	 that is not absolutely ripped in the face of all of this terrible news about the financial system?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3134.5s	3134.5	 And I think the answer is because it's still a cul-de-sac of users. It's not broadly available,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3140.7s	3140.7	 not broadly adoptable, not broadly used. I still believe that it's valuable. I was the earliest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3146.7s	3146.7	 proponent of Bitcoin. 2011, 2012. So I believe that there's a place for it in one's portfolio.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3154.3s	3154.3	 But I just think connecting these dots misses the point. And I think the point is much,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3159.5s	3159.5	 much bigger than a crypto off-ramp. The point is that we have a lot of systemic shocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3165.6s	3165.6	 that are building up in the system. We have broken a ton of the systems that cause the financial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3173.4s	3173.4	 infrastructure and the world to work properly. And we are just starting to uncover how they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3177.7s	3177.7	 broken. So I think we need to focus our energy on that and dial down a little bit of the Bitcoin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3183.6s	3183.6	 maxi stuff because it distracts from a really important set of topics that are more inclusive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3189.3s	3189.3	 and actually touch 7 billion people. We have to do the cleanup work. And just to be perfectly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3194.5s	3194.5	 clear here, Nick Carter is a career crypto. He's on his third fund, his $250 million third fund,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3203.1s	3203.1	 according to a quick Google search. He's a partner at Castle Island Ventures. And I believe Bology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3208.2s	3208.2	 believes what he's saying and at the same time is massively in Bitcoin and the $2 million he'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3215.8s	3215.8	 obviously lose in this bet or the 99.9% chance. And he said that already. I think he believes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3221.8s	3221.8	 he's doing a service just like he did believe he was doing a service with COVID. So I do not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3227.2s	3227.2	 doubt his intent, but I believe his book is based on this and the $2 million will be easily paid off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3233.5s	3233.5	 Yeah, he's a very smart and good guy. My point is put this in the who cares bucket and get back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3239.3s	3239.3	 the facts. Friedberg mentioned it. We have a debt ceiling problem that's in the offing. Saxe mentioned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3244.4s	3244.4	 it. We have a commercial real estate crisis. We just talked about the fact that he didn't raise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3249.4s	3249.4	 rates enough nor did he cut enough. So we're in this weird middle path that Jay Powell we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3254.6s	3254.6	 talking about. So those are the facts on the ground that I think we should focus on because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3258.3s	3258.3	 those will have implications to how people can borrow, start businesses, capitalize risk assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3266.0s	3266.0	 That's a big problem. I guess the moral hazard comes up, Saxe, and the critique I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3272.5s	3272.5	 people have had of you, you know, focusing on bank bailouts, etc. has been you have been anti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3281.1s	3281.1	 bailout. And now hey, maybe backstopping the deposits, not backstopping the bank, the shareholders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3288.8s	3288.8	 lost you very clear about that. But let's talk about moral hazard here for a minute. Are we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3293.5s	3293.5	 started getting- I'm not for bail. When did I say I was either for or against bailouts? I just clearly stated you are not. I just clearly stated you're not. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3299.4s	3299.4	 saying this is the critique that people have had of you. So I'm giving you a chance to address it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3303.1s	3303.1	 Why are you giving him people's critiques of him? Because I want him to talk about the future moral hazard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3309.0s	3309.0	 What people? User 76542 on Twitter? Who cares what that person thinks? Okay, I was also thinking about the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times and everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3320.0s	3320.0	 Let me jump in and just clarify. I was really clear that SVB shareholders should be wiped out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3325.6s	3325.6	 Their bondholders should be wiped out. Their management stock options should be wiped out. In fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3331.0s	3331.0	 if it turns out that they should have known the thing was about to go under, I think their stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3335.0s	3335.0	 sales should be clawed back. So I'm not in favor of bailing out SVB. I don't care about SVB.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3339.8s	3339.8	 Yes, of course. Now let's do that for commercial real estate. No, the question is what you do with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3343.8s	3343.8	 deposits and depositors. Correct. I think there is a real debate about how you treat depositors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3351.8s	3351.8	 in a banking crisis. And I think there are two views on that. There's kind of an old-fashioned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3357.0s	3357.0	 view and then there's kind of a more modern regulatory view. The old-fashioned view is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3362.7s	3362.7	 if your money is in a bank and that bank goes under and you're over the FDIC amount, you lose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3368.6s	3368.6	 your money. And we need people in the system to lose their money because that creates discipline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3373.9s	3373.9	 on the banks. It'll make those depositors do a better job shopping for the right bank. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3379.1s	3379.1	 kind of what I would call the old-fashioned hardline view. There's a more modern regulatory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3384.0s	3384.0	 view, which is that, listen, the typical depositor, even a fairly sophisticated depositor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3390.2s	3390.2	 like a small business or even a high net worth individual, they're not in a position to evaluate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3395.3s	3395.3	 the balance sheet of these banks. How are they going to figure out if there's toxic assets that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3400.3s	3400.3	 are hidden on the balance sheet of these banks? The regulators didn't see it with Silicon Valley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3404.8s	3404.8	 Bank and a lot of these banks. You don't really get that much more moral hazard by putting the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3409.8s	3409.8	 depositor on the hook for that. Remember, the management of the bank already is penalized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3414.7s	3414.7	 severely by losing all of their stock. I'm trying to get to, before Tramoth interrupted me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3419.3s	3419.3	 I'm trying to get to the bigger moral hazard picture here, which is, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3422.6s	3422.6	 fuck you, before you interrupt me. But eat your nuts for a second. The point I'm trying to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3427.2s	3427.2	 to is should commercial real estate, should that be bailed out? How should society look at that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3433.4s	3433.4	 next card that you are saying is going to tip over? How would you handle that piece? Should they?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3438.3s	3438.3	 Okay. Well, let me just finish the thought on depositors. So the modern regulatory view is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3442.0s	3442.0	 that when you open a bank account, you shouldn't have to think about the bank's balance sheet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3445.8s	3445.8	 You just want it to be safe. You don't want all the brain damage. And look, I think there's a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3450.5s	3450.5	 of merit to that argument. As it turns out, I've been trying to look into this, how much would it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3454.4s	3454.4	 cost the system to just fully insure depositors? It turns out that we have about 17 and a half
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3461.4s	3461.4	 trillion in deposits in the US, almost 18 trillion. And one of the misnomers you'll hear as well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3467.6s	3467.6	 it would cost us 18 trillion to basically insure all the depositors. That's not true because,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3472.2s	3472.2	 first of all, 10 trillion is already insured under FDIC. It's only about seven and a half to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3478.4s	3478.4	 eight trillion that's left. Less than half is left. Okay. Yes, right. Exactly. It's about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3482.9s	3482.9	 it's around eight trillion. So- Isn't it shocking the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3485.8s	3485.8	 innumeracy of people that make these claims? I know. It's crazy. This is why all in podcasts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3491.5s	3491.5	 is top 20 or top 10 in the world because we're actually breaking down the numbers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3496.2s	3496.2	 Right. So, continue. By the way, the leading proponent of this theory that we should just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3499.3s	3499.3	 basically not bail out, but backstop the deposits is Bill Ackman. And he's been making, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3505.8s	3505.8	 a pretty compelling case that if you don't protect deposits at small banks, all the money is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3510.9s	3510.9	 flow to the top four banks. That's already in process mapping. Of course, why wouldn't you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3513.9s	3513.9	 That's happening. Yeah. We're watching it happen. Right. So, I've been trying to figure out how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3517.0s	3517.0	 much it would actually cost us to do that. And what I've realized is that it's not 18 trillion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3522.0s	3522.0	 It's eight trillion. But by the way, that's the amount of deposits. That's not the risk premium.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3528.5s	3528.5	 So, if you look at FDIC at the end of last year, there was about 130 billion that had been paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3534.3s	3534.3	 in to the FDIC fund by premiums paid by these banks. So, in other words, the insurance premium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3541.2s	3541.2	 paid by banks was about 1.3 percent. So, if you were to now additionally cover the whole thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3547.4s	3547.4	 all the deposits, it would be another roughly 100 billion of premiums paid by these banks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3553.1s	3553.1	 That seems very manageable to me, actually. The question is, is the FDIC fund adequate?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3558.8s	3558.8	 And I think we're about to find out. It may be the case that a 1.3 percent insurance premium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3564.6s	3564.6	 grossly understated the true risk of putting your deposit in a bank. And we're about to find out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3571.0s	3571.0	 the FDIC is inadequate. I don't know the answer to that question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3573.5s	3573.5	 Well, I think this boils down to the profitability that an equity shareholder of a bank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3579.2s	3579.2	 expects of them. And to your point, is it viable for large GSIBs to guarantee 100 percent of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3591.3s	3591.3	 deposits? Absolutely. The implication of that will be an enormous hit to their short-term
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3596.8s	3596.8	 profitability and their return on invested capital. It would just take a massive hit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3601.0s	3601.0	 And so, as a result, the stocks of those banks would fall pretty precipitously, which would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3606.4s	3606.4	 a real negative impact on the executives and the CEOs of those banks and the shareholders that own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3612.2s	3612.2	 those bank equities. So, I think ultimately, it'll come down to that decision, which is that if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3617.4s	3617.4	 do want to protect the depositor in the American banking system, 100 percent for every dollar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3623.5s	3623.5	 and do it in a simple way, it will come at the sake of the equity holders of the banks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3628.4s	3628.4	 If you're willing to make that tradeoff, then you can guarantee 100 percent of the deposits. If you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3633.3s	3633.3	 do not want to make that tradeoff, then the equity holders will still retain more value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3638.5s	3638.5	 than they would otherwise. And Freeberg, we've seen a couple of examples of the market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3643.4s	3643.4	 the free market, looking at the situation and making new products and services.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3648.2s	3648.2	 Wealthfront, Mercury Bank both talked about load balancing across 12 accounts, $3 million. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3655.0s	3655.0	 that would make some people who had over $250K just instantly be backstopped and insured. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3663.7s	3663.7	 where there's discussion of, I talked about last week, hey, why don't you just have a vault where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3669.1s	3669.1	 you pay a bank to hold your money safely? I got a ton of responses from all in fans pointing out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3674.6s	3674.6	 multiple banks and services that have been trying to do this and also crypto solutions. So, is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3680.2s	3680.2	 going to be a free market solution, you think, or when we're starting to see them emerge,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3684.4s	3684.4	 that maybe covers this gap a little bit, Freeberg? And then what are your thoughts just generally on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3688.0s	3688.0	 should we backstop the banks and the depositors? I'm sorry, the banks, the depositors, to be clear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3692.0s	3692.0	 So, if we just quickly analyze the function of a bank, they loan money to either residential real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3702.3s	3702.3	 estate buyers like homeowners or commercial real estate buyers or businesses that need it. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3708.6s	3708.6	 the majority of the capital goes to residential real estate. And if they can't loan enough money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3715.2s	3715.2	 they typically buy bonds, right? They buy other people's loans in the form of bond securities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3720.6s	3720.6	 like treasuries or asset-backed securities or other things like that, or mortgage-backed securities.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3728.2s	3728.2	 So, they use the cash to make those investments, to make those loans, and then they obviously earn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3732.9s	3732.9	 a return on that. I think we've talked about this in the past. The thing that Bology, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3738.9s	3738.9	 misstated, and it would be good to have a conversation with him about this publicly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3744.4s	3744.4	 because I have listened to some of his interviews in the last couple of days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3748.5s	3748.5	 He says the banks, they don't have the money that you, the depositor, think that you have. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3756.4s	3756.4	 what he's saying implies that there is no money, that there is no asset value there at all. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3762.4s	3762.4	 uses Sam Bankman Fried and FTX as an example, that the money that was given to Sam Bankman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3768.6s	3768.6	 Fried's exchange fund was used to buy assets that then very quickly declined in value by 99%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3775.0s	3775.0	 but he held them on the book at 100%, and then he reinvested the money in all sorts of other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3779.9s	3779.9	 different stuff. And in the case of the loans made by banks and the assets that they, as a result,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3787.6s	3787.6	 hold, the value may have dropped by 25% in kind of the worst case, which is the Silicon Valley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3795.4s	3795.4	 Bank 10-year treasury bond scenario, where they bought all $20 billion worth of treasury bonds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3801.8s	3801.8	 and they took a big hit on that. But it doesn't mean that there's no asset value. It means that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3807.2s	3807.2	 the value has declined. And typically, there's a buffer between the asset value that the banks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3812.2s	3812.2	 are meant to hold and the deposits that they owe back to their customers. And if that buffer gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3817.4s	3817.4	 exceeded, then the bank is technically has negative equity. And if all the depositors said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3823.6s	3823.6	 I want my money back, and they went and sold those bonds into the market, they wouldn't be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3827.4s	3827.4	 make the depositors whole. But it doesn't mean the depositors end up with zero. It means instead of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3832.4s	3832.4	 getting 100 cents on the dollar, they get 93 cents on the dollar, 88 cents on the dollar, and it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3837.0s	3837.0	 would require an orderly dissolution of the bank's assets selling those bonds into the market to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3842.3s	3842.3	 generate the cash to pay back the depositors. So the reason we've seen this kind of this Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3847.2s	3847.2	 vertical spike number is because assets are moving so quickly, depositors are moving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3851.8s	3851.8	 their value so quickly from one bank to another, that in order for the banks to make the cash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3856.0s	3856.0	 available to those depositors, they've had to borrow from the Fed. And then they're going into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3859.7s	3859.7	 the market and doing this kind of, they should be doing this orderly asset sale of the bonds to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3863.3s	3863.3	 generate the cash to pay back the Fed, which is basically where they-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3866.2s	3866.2	 So it's just musical chairs. Money's moving around-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3867.7s	3867.7	 They borrow the money back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3868.5s	3868.5	 Causing these problems is musical chairs. And if the musical chairs stop,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3872.0s	3872.0	 then we don't have this problem, correct?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3874.6s	3874.6	 So if people stopped moving deposits around, then you're right. The banks wouldn't need to borrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3880.6s	3880.6	 money to give depositors their money and then go do the work of selling the bonds in the market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3884.4s	3884.4	 Why are people moving their money around? Because of the FDSM-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3886.9s	3886.9	 Because it's not insured.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3887.9s	3887.9	 Because it's not insured. So here we go. So you just insure it and this whole thing stops.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3892.4s	3892.4	 So it costs them nothing to just say that, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3894.6s	3894.6	 Yeah. So here's the thing, Jake, how you mentioned this case that you hear a lot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3898.6s	3898.6	 People saying, well, why don't you just take your two and a half million dollars and break it up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3902.0s	3902.0	 into 10 accounts of 250. Which is what people are doing. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3904.9s	3904.9	 Yeah. Well, look, it's not feasible when you need to run a big payroll at the end of the month and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3908.2s	3908.2	 you got payables. It's administratively too complicated. And by the way, what have you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3912.1s	3912.1	 accomplished doing that? You haven't solved anything. So-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3915.6s	3915.6	 Who hasn't accomplished? For the startup, it hasn't accomplished. I'm just giving them prediction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3919.5s	3919.5	 The system. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3920.4s	3920.4	 Why won't you just raise FDIC to two and a half million or have FDIC be based on the number of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3925.8s	3925.8	 employees in your company or allow a higher class, a business class of FDIC that goes up to say-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3932.2s	3932.2	 FDIC Pro. Yes, exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3934.2s	3934.2	 It goes up to 10 million. And in exchange, the quid pro quo has to be that the bank can't put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3939.2s	3939.2	 that money in risky assets. Why is this not, this is so obvious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3943.1s	3943.1	 FDIC Pro. Hold on a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3944.8s	3944.8	 We just solved this whole problem. The reason I walked through that whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3947.2s	3947.2	 explanation is because I want to answer your question. I'm sorry it took so long, but like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3950.0s	3950.0	 I want to highlight that because that is what an insurance underwriter, put aside the FDIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3954.8s	3954.8	 and put aside banks and put aside the government's role.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3957.6s	3957.6	 Yes. That's what an insurance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3958.9s	3958.9	 underwriter's job would be. They would look at the volatility and the pricing on the bonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3964.0s	3964.0	 that the bank holds and they would determine ultimately two things, probability of loss and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3969.4s	3969.4	 severity of loss. And the probability is how likely is it that you end up in negative equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3974.3s	3974.3	 and that you have people requesting money and you have to sell those bonds at a loss very quickly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3978.0s	3978.0	 And then the severity is how much would you actually lose? So if,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3981.4s	3981.4	 if you know, the Fed raises rates by 3% and your entire book is tied up in 10 year bonds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3987.0s	3987.0	 you see a 25% decline in the value of your bond portfolio. That's as bad as it gets. If you start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3992.1s	3992.1	 with a 10% buffer, now you only have 85% of the money you owe the depositors. So your loss is 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=3998.1s	3998.1	 cents on the dollar. So the insurance company would say, what's the probability of that event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4002.2s	4002.2	 happening? How much should we underwrite it for? What should we charge as a premium to do that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4005.9s	4005.9	 And that's ultimately how the rates would get set. Now, the problem with most insurance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4010.9s	4010.9	 models around this sort of a problem set is that these are the extreme tail events that have never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4015.4s	4015.4	 happened. And so the insurance to Sachs's point is super cheap leading up to the extreme tail event.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4022.8s	4022.8	 And then everyone's like, oh my gosh, we underpaid for so many years. We didn't realize how severe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4027.8s	4027.8	 the losses could have been. We didn't realize how significant this was going to be. And as a result,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4032.6s	4032.6	 you now see this kind of multiplying effect because people are like, oh my gosh, if it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4036.2s	4036.2	 happened to them, it could happen to me, let's all sell. And it gets worse and worse and worse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4039.4s	4039.4	 And so the real rate for the insurance going forward will now have to take into account
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4044.6s	4044.6	 this massive risk. But the game theory problem is, as Sachs has pointed out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4048.2s	4048.2	 if you just insure everyone, the cost of the insurance actually goes way, way, way, way down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4052.9s	4052.9	 because now you don't have this money movement problem. And so the point is the more you insure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4058.2s	4058.2	 at this point, the cheaper the insurance will actually be if you're an actuarial or free market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4063.8s	4063.8	 underwriter, free market kind of underwriting process on this thing. Because now the probability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4070.1s	4070.1	 of having this bank run goes way, way down. And therefore, the cost of the insurance should go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4074.8s	4074.8	 way down. And so the irony is if you actually did, and this is getting super technical,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4081.0s	4081.0	 but if you actually looked at the statistical model and said, how much is this going to cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4085.8s	4085.8	 to insure every deposit, it gets much, much cheaper the higher the deposits that you're willing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4093.2s	4093.2	 insure would be. That's my sense of what the free market would do here. And it's certainly what I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4097.0s	4097.0	 think the federal government should probably think about doing if they're going to continue to play a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4100.3s	4100.3	 role in backstopping banks. The net net is people, startups right now are doing five to 10 banks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4108.5s	4108.5	 I'm watching it happen. They're doing all these sweep accounts, they're doing multiple accounts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4112.5s	4112.5	 So the government, if it doesn't raise the FDIC limit is basically just creating extra work for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4117.1s	4117.1	 everybody. And it's going to be the same outcome. So this people are going to the street will find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4120.9s	4120.9	 its own use for technology and how to hack this. And that's what's happening with these services.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4125.7s	4125.7	 Yeah, just to steal man, the the old fashioned view or the traditional view of this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4131.3s	4131.3	 they would say that, well, you want those startups being paranoid, you want those startups doing the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4135.9s	4135.9	 work of disciplining these banks by moving their money elsewhere if they detect a problem. However,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4142.6s	4142.6	 the problem with that is you get these bank runs. That is what a bank run is, in part,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4147.4s	4147.4	 is people moving their money because they're fearing that the bank is not doing a good job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4151.5s	4151.5	 with their loan portfolio. So this is why in the let's call it the olden days before FDIC,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4157.8s	4157.8	 we had bank runs and panics all the time. And that's why FDIC was invented. So there's a hugely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4164.8s	4164.8	 destructive problem that comes along with placing the depositor in charge of disciplining the banks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4173.3s	4173.3	 And I would argue that the depositors not the best person to do it. It's the regulator just to kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4177.0s	4177.0	 of layer on what what Friedberg was saying. I think there's like a fundamental market failure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4181.5s	4181.5	 with banking in the sense that the depositor or the consumer and the bank think they're getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4187.1s	4187.1	 two completely different things. When you open a bank account or a checking account, you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4191.8s	4191.8	 you're getting a checkbook, an ATM card, a place to do payroll run, you know, and service. It's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4199.1s	4199.1	 service and maybe you make a little bit of interest, but it's not even your main motivation. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4203.0s	4203.0	 that's what you think you're getting your money. Most of all is safe because you're not signing up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4207.8s	4207.8	 with a service provider to have any chance of losing your money. You're not gambling. Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4211.5s	4211.5	 But now what does the bank think it's getting? You know what the bank thinks is getting an unsecured
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4215.5s	4215.5	 loan that they can then turn around and invest in whatever they want or whatever the law allows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4220.3s	4220.3	 them to. So there's a disconnect between the parties and the transaction. Exactly. It's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4223.4s	4223.4	 total disconnect. And moreover, the way the management of the bank is compensated is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4228.1s	4228.1	 they only have to pay back your loan, your deposit basically is their loan at par and anything they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4235.5s	4235.5	 make on a bet that they make with that money, they get to keep. They get to keep all the upside.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4239.3s	4239.3	 Their stockholders and management get to keep that. And those incentives are what are driving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4243.4s	4243.4	 this. And that's what drove the risk in all likelihood at Silicon Valley Bank. They were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4247.0s	4247.0	 getting $200 billion, whatever percentage point they got Chamath, somehow the executive team was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4254.3s	4254.3	 compensated for it. Their incentive, it's not just them, but the whole banking system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4257.8s	4257.8	 creates the incentive. They're highly leveraged. The deposits from their standpoint are leveraged.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4263.2s	4263.2	 They're leveraged 10 to one. So their incentive is to go to the casino and gamble it because they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4267.8s	4267.8	 get to keep all the upside. And if they lose it, it's basically someone else on the hook.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4272.6s	4272.6	 Final word, Chamath. In early May, the Fed will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4277.4s	4277.4	 release their investigation into signature bank and SVB.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4282.2s	4282.2	 Okay. Powell said that this week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4283.8s	4283.8	 I think it'll be really interesting to see how much honesty they both put into the report and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4292.1s	4292.1	 whether the entirety of that report is made available to the rest of us to read.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4296.4s	4296.4	 But I think Sachs has very elegantly summarized what's happening and it doesn't take a genius
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4303.8s	4303.8	 to figure out that this doesn't make sense. So the question is, what is the tolerance that we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4311.5s	4311.5	 for changing something that clearly is mischaracterized? What consumers think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4319.2s	4319.2	 they're getting and what banks are then doing are two totally different things. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4324.5s	4324.5	 if the Fed actually is really, really honest and really lays bare everything that happened,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4331.8s	4331.8	 it'll be very hard to not legislate changes based on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4334.8s	4334.8	 And your best swing at a legislative change would be what, Chamath? What is the low
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4340.9s	4340.9	 hanging fruit? What's the layup here? Well, I think we've seen this happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4344.8s	4344.8	 in other markets for a while, which is that banks have become, in fairness to them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4350.8s	4350.8	 much, much better at risk management post Dodd-Frank, post great financial crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4355.0s	4355.0	 And the result of that is that there's been a lot of emerging private credit markets because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4360.2s	4360.2	 most of the bank is about lending, right? They're not really buying equities, they're lending money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4364.7s	4364.7	 they're a debtor in possession of something, right? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4367.8s	4367.8	 there's been just a massive explosion of private credit. And it started in the most obvious areas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4374.1s	4374.1	 It started in things like CLOs, it started in asset-backed securities, solar, car loans,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4380.1s	4380.1	 credit cards, mortgages, private equity-backed deals. So I think the rational answer is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4389.5s	4389.5	 banks need to protect 100% of deposits and that if they want to have extracurricular activities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4401.1s	4401.1	 if you will, they need to be able to raise money from investors, put that to work in a really fair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4408.7s	4408.7	 and transparent way, and then share in the profits between all of the related parties that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4415.6s	4415.6	 involved in that transaction, no different than any other risk-taking organization.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4420.4s	4420.4	 And I think that this is now what we've probably shined a light on, is a really odd loophole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4428.3s	4428.3	 that just needs to get closed in 2023. There's such easy hygienic changes here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4434.5s	4434.5	 Like let's put it a different way. If you raised money for a liquid hedge fund that had quarterly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4441.3s	4441.3	 redemptions and then violated the LPA and stuffed it into private companies that had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4446.4s	4446.4	 10-year illiquidity, there would be hell to pay. And vice versa. If you raise money on 10-year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4453.6s	4453.6	 illiquid locked up capital on the presumption you were going to invest in startups and then instead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4458.2s	4458.2	 put it in the stock market thinking that you could flip it and make some money, you would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4463.4s	4463.4	 violated the LPA and there'd be hell to pay. Similarly, I think what Sachs is stating is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4468.2s	4468.2	 there is a mismatch of what the depositor, in this case the investor, expects and what the risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4475.2s	4475.2	 manager is doing. And I think that you have to correct that one way or the other. Make it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4480.1s	4480.1	 abundantly clear that we're never going to insure 100% and deal with that risk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4485.4s	4485.4	 or make it 100% and deal with the fallout, which is largely about wiping out a lot of equity value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4492.2s	4492.2	 in banks. LPA equals limited partnership agreement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4496.9s	4496.9	 Just to clarify one thing, I'm not saying that these bank managers are all going to the casino
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4500.5s	4500.5	 and gambling the money. I think that they are generally more responsible than that. What I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4504.3s	4504.3	 saying is that the incentives created by this crazy system we call banking create a weird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4511.7s	4511.7	 incentive for them to gamble because they're so highly levered. From their standpoint,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4516.4s	4516.4	 your deposits are their leverage. Everybody but the GSIBs because I think the GSIBs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4520.9s	4520.9	 there's so much scrutiny. If you look at how well run Citi, B of A, Wells and JPMR relative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4527.4s	4527.4	 and contrast them to the sub GSIBs, it's like night and day. And so the other thing that I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4534.1s	4534.1	 we've realized is who thought it was a good idea to raise the bar on eligibility from 50 billion of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4540.4s	4540.4	 assets to 200? Clearly now that made no sense. It makes more sense to actually categorize every bank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4548.9s	4548.9	 as systemically important, maybe not globally, but at a minimum to the US economy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4553.4s	4553.4	 because these people play a vital function in society. And they were allowed to take a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4560.4s	4560.4	 much more aggressive risk posture because they were able to lobby the government to change the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4564.0s	4564.0	 rules. The CEO of TikTok, which claims to be an American company now, or an international company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4570.7s	4570.7	 was in front of Congress today. His name is Sho Chu. This is the first time he's really,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4576.6s	4576.6	 I think, spoken publicly in an extended period, four and a half hours he was grilled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4582.6s	4582.6	 And it was absolutely brutal. It's the first time I've seen a congressional hearing that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4588.4s	4588.4	 bipartisan in a long time. And he said that, quote, the bottom line is, this is an American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4596.5s	4596.5	 date. This is American data on American soil by an American company overseen by American personnel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4601.9s	4601.9	 And then was immediately squirrely when asked if Chinese employees, including engineers, have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4611.0s	4611.0	 access to this US data. And he said, this is a complex subject over and over again, he was evasive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4618.5s	4618.5	 And this did not look good for TikTok. Well, I think now becomes does it become divested and go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4626.4s	4626.4	 public or does it get shut down? Sax? I think his goose was cooked as soon as they asked him the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4631.8s	4631.8	 question in preparation for this hearing, did you consult with any member of the CCP? And he could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4637.2s	4637.2	 not just outright say no. Nope. So that's his goose was cooked as soon as he couldn't just say no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4642.3s	4642.3	 What do you think about the bipartisan nature of this? And what do you think the outcome is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4645.2s	4645.2	 Sax? Well, this is one of the rare things where it is bipartisan. I mean, there's there was so much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4650.2s	4650.2	 outrage and anger at this. I think that they should let the company divest it. I think it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4657.0s	4657.0	 divestiture or shut down for TikTok. Since we're not communists here, I think they should be given
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4662.0s	4662.0	 the chance to fully divest to an American owned company. But look, I just wish that there was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4669.0s	4669.0	 as much bipartisan consensus and outrage directed not just at Chinese spying of Americans, but on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4677.4s	4677.4	 the American deep state spying on Americans because we just had hearings showing that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4683.1s	4683.1	 American government conducts elaborate spying operations surveillance of Americans on social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4688.7s	4688.7	 media. This was all revealed in the Twitter files. And we got certainly no bipartisan consensus on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4694.8s	4694.8	 that. Republicans were outraged, but Democrats tried to portray it as some sort of spat between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4699.5s	4699.5	 Trump and Chrissy Teigen. I mean, that's all they wanted to talk about. So I would like to see this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4705.2s	4705.2	 problem comprehensively addressed. And that means I think TikTok going into the hands of an American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4711.4s	4711.4	 company, but I also would like more assurances that American companies will not be working with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4716.6s	4716.6	 the deep state to spy on us and infringement on our civil liberties. Chrissy Teigen and Donald Trump,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4720.4s	4720.4	 who are two people you'd never invite to a dinner party? Freeberg, what are your thoughts? Is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4725.7s	4725.7	 going to divest? Should it be forced to divest? Being intellectually honest about it? What are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4731.3s	4731.3	 your thoughts on TikTok in America? Yeah, I think I've shared this in the past. I think they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4738.2s	4738.2	 probably going to have to spin this thing out. And if they hold any equity, if the Chinese parent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4742.7s	4742.7	 company holds any equity interests, it'll probably be non-voting shares. And there'll be a mandate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4747.8s	4747.8	 that the majority of the shares and some degree of oversight. Do you believe that's the right thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4751.8s	4751.8	 to do from a national security issue for America to force them to do that? I don't know from a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4758.1s	4758.1	 national security point of view. I really don't. I don't have an opinion on national security and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4762.9s	4762.9	 TikTok. I don't know. I've always thought that TikTok was a really, what's the right word?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4771.8s	4771.8	 Like it's like a firefly for Chinese invasion. And it feels like it's a very easy kind of target
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4781.0s	4781.0	 for I think what is generally a big kind of social consciousness right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4784.5s	4784.5	 So, you know, whether or not there's actually like some national security points, if there were,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4790.6s	4790.6	 I'm pretty sure that national security person would have stood up and said, we need to stop this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4795.0s	4795.0	 thing. I'm not sure I've heard that publicly. But I will say like my point of view from like just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4802.1s	4802.1	 seeing the political behavior is that they're probably going to mandate that these guys spin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4805.6s	4805.6	 this thing out to US investors and that they don't own any, that the Chinese don't have any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4811.0s	4811.0	 equity or management oversight or interest in it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4813.0s	4813.0	 Chamath, in China itself, the Chinese government does not allow kids to play video games during
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4820.3s	4820.3	 the week and only three hours on the weekend. They're using apps like WeChat to dictate social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4827.0s	4827.0	 score and social behavior, whether it's smoking on a train or not paying your bills. And they are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4835.4s	4835.4	 saying they will not divest. But anybody who is an investor in a company that had a chance to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4842.3s	4842.3	 public for 10s of billions of dollars and eventually take on and people believe that this is a viable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4848.2s	4848.2	 competitor to Facebook and Instagram. This could be a company worth ultimately hundreds of billions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4853.0s	4853.0	 of dollars. If you were an investor in China, you would want to IPO, you would want to get liquidity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4859.7s	4859.7	 So if they are refusing to sell, what does that tell you as a market participant and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4864.9s	4864.9	 participant in somebody who's been a capital allocator for over a decade?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4867.8s	4867.8	 There's bigger problems in China than even TikTok US represents for them. I think it's probably what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4873.3s	4873.3	 it means. So it's a pretty bad tell. I don't think divestiture is a real option, because when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4879.4s	4879.4	 think about the details of that, how will the government be satisfied that the code base was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4885.0s	4885.0	 separated elegantly, that there was no malware surreptitiously planted? How will you actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4893.3s	4893.3	 prove all of this to a degree that satisfies a legislator? So I think the pound of flesh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4900.5s	4900.5	 that they want is more easily and more salaciously satisfied by shutting the thing down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4906.1s	4906.1	 So if I had to bet on what happens, I bet more on that. I didn't think TikTok did a very good job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4912.8s	4912.8	 And I think that there are some... They were terrible today. Terrible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4916.5s	4916.5	 And I think that there are some real issues around how much control does actually flow back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4922.6s	4922.6	 I don't think that it was definitive. He needed to be much clearer and adamant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4929.9s	4929.9	 that this was an independent business that didn't have backdoors to China and the CCP to appease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4934.9s	4934.9	 Congress. He didn't do that. No, he was like, I have to check in on that. I'm not sure. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4940.1s	4940.1	 I think it was a little bit of the exact opposite actually. Sax is right. That first question was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4944.3s	4944.3	 just a death blow right from the beginning. It's like, uh-oh, this is not going to go in a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4948.3s	4948.3	 place because they should have been able to see that that question was going to get asked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4953.2s	4953.2	 And you need to have that asked and answered philosophy where the only answer is no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4958.6s	4958.6	 The only answer you could have given is no. And the fact that he wasn't able to say that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4963.1s	4963.1	 it was a bit of a fait accompli as soon as that was. In my mind, I was like, this thing is getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4967.0s	4967.0	 shut down because I don't think there's a shut down. Yeah. There's no divestiture plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4972.2s	4972.2	 that can be technically audited in a short amount of time to appease these folks. They want a pound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4979.5s	4979.5	 of flesh. And then separately, the bigger issue that I think you have to deal with is what does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4987.0s	4987.0	 that mean for how other governments may be pressured to act who want to be on the pro-US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4993.4s	4993.4	 camp? And I think that that's a question because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=4998.8s	4998.8	 ByteDance and TikTok have presence beyond just China and the US. A third question is how does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5005.2s	5005.2	 the golden vote get used on the ByteDance board and what do they do? And do they even want this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5011.1s	5011.1	 thing public? Explain golden vote. Essentially, they'll decide what happens to that company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5015.5s	5015.5	 And they have that in Alibaba. They have that, I think, at Tencent. I think they have that at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5019.0s	5019.0	 ByteDance. So the Chinese government has a very strong hand in the direction of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5024.8s	5024.8	 businesses. And then the final point is that there's a secondary app that TikTok has called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5031.0s	5031.0	 CapCut, which also is enormously popular in the United States, which is yet another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5036.6s	5036.6	 potential backdoor for privacy or spying violations, whatever the US Congress wants to pin on them. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5043.4s	5043.4	 I think it's a very complicated moment for that business and their US asset.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5050.1s	5050.1	 Sacks, it's pretty clear the CCP is making this decision. If they decide, let it burn,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5056.7s	5056.7	 let it get kicked out of the United States. What does that do in terms of game theory between the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5062.2s	5062.2	 two countries and going forward? Because obviously they don't reciprocate. We're not allowed to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5067.6s	5067.6	 Google, Twitter, Instagram, whatever in China. So is this just putting reciprocity?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5074.8s	5074.8	 What decision are you saying the CCP is making?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5077.2s	5077.2	 Well, the CCP has the golden vote. It's their decision to divest or not divest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5081.9s	5081.9	 Chamath believes they will not divest. I believe they will not divest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5084.4s	5084.4	 No, Chamath is saying they're not going to have the choice. I don't see what decision the CCP has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5089.9s	5089.9	 in this. It's going to be up. If they don't divest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5092.1s	5092.1	 That's right. It's not a divest or don't divest. I think it'll be shut down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5096.3s	5096.3	 I think they're getting kicked out of the United States.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5098.7s	5098.7	 Okay. But you believe they're going to divest Sacks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5101.6s	5101.6	 I'm saying that that's what I would support. Just to give them the chance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5105.7s	5105.7	 So what do you think is going to happen? Chamath might be right. I'm not sure. But I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5109.8s	5109.8	 think they should be given the chance. And if you truly can't move the servers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5114.1s	5114.1	 to the United States and vet the code base, I feel like you could. I think you could have an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5119.6s	5119.6	 acquire or figure it out. Vet the code base, move the data centers, make sure there's no back doors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5125.6s	5125.6	 I think it's not impossible. Hard, but not impossible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5129.2s	5129.2	 Okay. So let's go with a scenario that it gets kicked out of the United States is shut down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5133.8s	5133.8	 Are there any second or third order impacts?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5136.2s	5136.2	 Yeah. It's as rashes up the tension between the US and China, but we're already there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5141.9s	5141.9	 Yeah. No change. All right. Listen, this has been an amazing episode. Oh, Chamath, did your 3D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5148.9s	5148.9	 rocket company make it to space? I saw they had a nice little lift off there. Thank you, Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5155.8s	5155.8	 I just wanted to give a shout out. This is like, while all this chaos is happening in the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5160.5s	5160.5	 it's amazing to see pretty incredible engineering. So last night, we did have a successful launch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5167.8s	5167.8	 So Relativity has a 85% 3D printed rocket, which over time we want to try to get to 95%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5174.8s	5174.8	 but it's the fuselage, it's the engines. It brings the cost of space flight down by an order of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5182.5s	5182.5	 magnitude. It is a hugely disruptive idea. And so what they tried to prove was that they could get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5189.0s	5189.0	 this thing into space and they accomplished a lot of goals. They got past max Q, which is sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5194.9s	5194.9	 the point at which the atmospheric pressure is the strongest on the fuselage. So we proved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5199.8s	5199.8	 structural integrity. We got to main engine cutoff. We had stage two separation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5205.4s	5205.4	 So a lot of really important technical milestones were achieved. It allows them now to unlock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5210.6s	5210.6	 a bunch of contracts that allow us, frankly, just to keep going and building. There's still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5215.5s	5215.5	 a lot of work to do from here. We're building now the next generation rocket, which is called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5219.5s	5219.5	 Terran R, and rocket engines, which can take instead of 1500 kilograms, about 20,000 kilos. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5228.8s	5228.8	 enormously proud to have been around this journey. My partner Jay has been really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5235.1s	5235.1	 the key person on it, but I just wanted to give a huge shout out to Tim Ellis and the team at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5238.4s	5238.4	 Relativity. It's super, super, super cool what they pulled off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5241.1s	5241.1	 It's just amazing how access to space is being democratized and the prices are being lowered so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5247.4s	5247.4	 dramatically. What's the impact that's going to have ultimately, Friedberg, you think, on humanity?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5251.8s	5251.8	 I mean, obviously going to Mars is this incredible feat technologically and just mind blowing, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5259.7s	5259.7	 what do you think the net result of all this space activity is going to be for the human condition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5265.8s	5265.8	 and the species?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5266.8s	5266.8	 I mean, I think there's a vibrant community of startups and money coming into this space right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5272.6s	5272.6	 now. I do think all these guys are going to have to, in order to gain wider spread capital markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5277.4s	5277.4	 attention, like Elon has had to do with SpaceX, are going to have to find business models that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5284.4s	5284.4	 kind of near-term viability that don't depend on government contracts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5288.6s	5288.6	 Like Starlink.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5289.2s	5289.2	 Like Starlink, yeah. And so I think that's the key question. Obviously these are very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5294.2s	5294.2	 capital-intensive businesses. They have very long horizons to hit their milestones.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5300.1s	5300.1	 So there's certainly capital available in the early stages to make bets on whether or not they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5307.0s	5307.0	 can get these milestones. But the broader kind of attention in capital markets is going to come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5312.1s	5312.1	 from these things, building real kind of businesses that generate value for consumers and markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5316.9s	5316.9	 One of the things that I think can unlock opportunity for this market overall is low-cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5324.2s	5324.2	 energy. If we can get below, call it one cent to three cents kilowatt hour of power, call it one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5332.1s	5332.1	 cent a kilowatt hour of power. I forgot the exact relationship. You can get very cheap hydrogen and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5337.9s	5337.9	 oxygen fuel sources. And so it's funny if you actually play out the, the, the, the, the, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5346.6s	5346.6	 the scale factor for space, for the space industry, much of it at scale will get driven by the cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5353.5s	5353.5	 electricity. So it's another reason why there's going to be, I think, a pretty tight coupling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5357.1s	5357.1	 between the cost of power and ultimately the vibrancy of this market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5362.2s	5362.2	 You mentioned something important. The other key thing that we proved was that this is a pure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5366.2s	5366.2	 methyl ox engine. So CH4 and liquid oxygen. And it was not just stage one, but also stage two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5372.6s	5372.6	 which is unique. The only other folks that have tried to prove that you could have multi-stage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5377.0s	5377.0	 methyl ox is China and their most recent launch failed, but it highly simplifies the engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5383.1s	5383.1	 problem at hand, especially the ground operations and whatnot, and sort of like filling these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5389.0s	5389.0	 rockets and making them viable. So that was another really big milestone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5392.6s	5392.6	 So the producing of that fuel Friedberg requires energy. If that energy was cheap,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5398.6s	5398.6	 it would be cheaper to make and process that fuel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5401.9s	5401.9	 That's right. Yeah, there's a pretty, pretty direct tie in particularly with scale manufacturing on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5407.8s	5407.8	 fuel that would be used in these rocket systems and power prices here on earth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5412.0s	5412.0	 So if, and as we get power prices down either through scaled renewables or ideally fusion or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5417.3s	5417.3	 some other kind of new technology, nuclear fission or something, then the cost of, you know, fuel and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5424.8s	5424.8	 the cost of these space programs goes down. And that ultimately, I think the real question everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5429.9s	5429.9	 asks is how do you get away from it? Just being government services businesses, which, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5433.9s	5433.9	 have a low multiple in markets and obviously, you know, high dependency on one or two key customers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5439.6s	5439.6	 and how do you actually get private markets, private market products moving?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5444.0s	5444.0	 So tourism obviously makes a lot of sense. Travel, you know, around the earth in 20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5450.6s	5450.6	 minutes or something, or, you know, some people have talked about mining or colonies and, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5455.5s	5455.5	 who would fund that real estate. It's unclear right now what the ultimate traveling is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5459.4s	5459.4	 There's a wild one. I've talked to Elon about that, but the idea that you could have a rocket ship take off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5464.9s	5464.9	 from Texas and then be in Tokyo, you know, like half an hour of minutes later is wild.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5471.5s	5471.5	 I can only speak for myself, but I would really like to visit Uranus Reaper.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5477.1s	5477.1	 All right, everybody. Look at the player here. He's got layers are for players,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5482.3s	5482.3	 sexy blue sky. Look at this. He is, he is two layers in. Can you get an ascot?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5485.5s	5485.5	 It's subtle, isn't it? He's pulling a Steve Bannon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5488.2s	5488.2	 You got to get more disheveled. He needs the six pens in the collar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5491.9s	5491.9	 A couple of pens, no shave. Can you tell us honestly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5495.2s	5495.2	 do you have a stylist, an actual person you pay to dress you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5499.2s	5499.2	 Nick, can you please put the picture of Steve Bannon where he wears the multiple polo shirts?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5503.4s	5503.4	 I'm not going to do this again. You need to stop for next week's show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5508.1s	5508.1	 Bannon's been attacking me. It's really weird. Oh yeah. Bannon, he thinks you're a venture,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5511.7s	5511.7	 a vulture capitalist or something. Sorry, who's been attacking you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5514.7s	5514.7	 Bannon was one of many people attacking me. On Twitter?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5518.5s	5518.5	 I think on his podcast. I think, yeah. You seem to have made a lot of new friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5522.9s	5522.9	 on Twitter lately. When you pass around half a million followers, basically what happens is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5527.8s	5527.8	 you become a politician. There will always be a fringe element of people who need to manage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5533.4s	5533.4	 their anxiety by venting. And that's what you're feeling. You'll live that now at million, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5540.3s	5540.3	 followers, 2 million, 10 million, whatever. There's always going to be a small percentage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5543.6s	5543.6	 J Cal doesn't know this because he has mostly bots that are his followers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5547.2s	5547.2	 That's true. I have an old account.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5548.9s	5548.9	 When you have real people, this is what it is. You'll get this 1% or less than 1%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5553.0s	5553.0	 and just the number goes up. So I would ignore it. Don't care. Don't worry about what user 747-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5558.2s	5558.2	 Don't feed the Brigadoons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5559.1s	5559.1	 Don't care what user 74786 has to say. Don't worry about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5562.8s	5562.8	 Yeah, absolutely.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5563.6s	5563.6	 I love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5564.0s	5564.0	 All right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5564.6s	5564.6	 And I'm looking forward to seeing you on Thursday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5566.6s	5566.6	 For the Rain Man himself, David Sacks, the Sultan of Science and Prints of Panic Attacks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5573.1s	5573.1	 our pal David Friedberg, and the host with the most going to make me-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5577.8s	5577.8	 What about me?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5578.4s	5578.4	 What about me?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5579.0s	5579.0	 I'm going, I'm calling you the host with the most. I'm adding something. The host with the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5582.4s	5582.4	 who's making me the Shiso leaf tempura with Hokkaido.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5587.1s	5587.1	 And you are the world's best genuflector.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5589.8s	5589.8	 I am the world's greatest guest, greatest house guest. If you need a house guest to look at your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5594.6s	5594.6	 house, Italy, Tokyo, Niseko, wherever you need a house guest, I'm ready to come and make it a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5599.4s	5599.4	 time. You're the modern Kato Kaling. You're horrible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5602.2s	5602.2	 Absolutely the best. You keep inviting me every week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5605.3s	5605.3	 You are enjoyable though. Love you, boys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5607.1s	5607.1	 And let's have fun. Bye, everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5608.3s	5608.3	 Bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5632.8s	5632.8	 That's my dog thinking I'm gonna share driveways.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5635.0s	5635.0	 Sacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5637.9s	5637.9	 Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5638.7s	5638.7	 My alabaster will meet me at Blitz.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5640.7s	5640.7	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just useless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5644.6s	5644.6	 It's like this like sexual tension that we just need to release somehow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5648.7s	5648.7	 What? You're the beak.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5650.6s	5650.6	 What? You're the beak.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5651.4s	5651.4	 Where are your feet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5652.4s	5652.4	 Beak.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5654.0s	5654.0	 We need to get merch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5654.8s	5654.8	 The keys are back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5655.4s	5655.4	 I'm doing all this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub9QcwSgbjc&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=1&t=5662.2s	5662.2	 I'm doing all this.
