https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=0.0s	0.0	 Now wait, Vlad, you have to turn your camera off and then I'm going to do my little bit where the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=4.3s	4.3	 bestie guesting door knocks. Oh no, Jason. No, let's not do that. This is silly. This is silly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=9.6s	9.6	 Here we go. I can do it. It's very easy for me. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=13.1s	13.1	 These guys don't want to do it. They don't like my, they don't like my bits. Three, two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=22.6s	22.6	 Rain Man David Sack.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=30.0s	30.0	 Hey everybody. Hey everybody. Welcome to another episode of the all in podcast with us again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=44.2s	44.2	 the queen of kin wha himself, David Friedberg, the rain man. Definitely counting cards. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=52.6s	52.6	 Burn baby David's taxes with us. Chamath Pali Hoppa tier.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=57.4s	57.4	 Yeah. The dictator and by the way, go ahead. J Cal. I'm J Cal, AKA baby seals. J Cal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=66.2s	66.2	 could you take longer with the intros? I mean, this is like, this is like your one moment to shine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=71.0s	71.0	 as the intro. I know. I like to do a little branding here. I'm branding you guys as characters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=76.2s	76.2	 on the show. I do want to, I do want to give a big shout out and congratulations for David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=81.4s	81.4	 Friedberg, wedding is beak in a big way. The story, by the way, we should actually have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=88.7s	88.7	 founder, a crazy founder stories and we should have Friedberg tell the story of Metro Mile,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=93.6s	93.6	 but it closed its SPAC transaction and went public and it's doing great. And congratulations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=99.4s	99.4	 Thank you. Thanks guys. Golf clap. Thank you. Thank you. Very nice. And joining us this week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=105.9s	105.9	 as our second bestie guestie after a triumphant performance by Draymond Green on the last all in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=114.7s	114.7	 podcast is Vlad Tenev, who is the co-founder and CEO of a new startup. We wanted to introduce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=124.1s	124.1	 everybody to it's called Robin Hood. Vlad, tell everybody what is Robin Hood and what's the mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=130.6s	130.6	 of this new startup you've got. Thank you for having me here hanging with you guys. Robin Hood's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=137.7s	137.7	 mission is to democratize finance for all. It's somewhat new. We've been around for a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=143.0s	143.0	 over five years and we have a mobile app and a website that allows customers to invest in stocks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=151.3s	151.3	 options, cryptocurrencies. We offer a debit card and a high yield savings product as well, commission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=157.8s	157.8	 free and with no account minimums. Vlad, I think you've done an amazing job building this company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=162.2s	162.2	 and you guys have done an amazing job democratizing access to the ability to trade. Can we fast forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=170.2s	170.2	 to the issue that, I mean, we discussed, I guess a few pods ago because there was intense interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=176.7s	176.7	 in this. I think it's our highest rated pod ever was discussing the GameStop issue. So you had these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=182.2s	182.2	 traders from Wall Street Bets, these Redditors, who, like you said, they perceive themselves as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=187.2s	187.2	 the heirs to Occupy Wall Street. They're trading for profit, also for revenge. And then you guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=195.3s	195.3	 I guess, get a call in the middle of the night from the clearinghouse and you have to freeze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=200.4s	200.4	 the buy side of the trade the next day. I guess let's fast forward to that because that was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=204.6s	204.6	 thing that got everybody up in arms. Could you, I guess, talk to us about what happened? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=211.4s	211.4	 I'm sure you didn't want to have to freeze trading, right? But you were being compelled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=216.7s	216.7	 by this clearinghouse. Can you kind of explain what they told you and why you had to do it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=222.7s	222.7	 And why not just ask them to give you the order and writing so you can post on your website
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=227.6s	227.6	 so everybody would know you didn't have a choice? Is that something you could have done?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=232.7s	232.7	 Well, I think the challenge was that no doubt we could have communicated this a little bit better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=238.6s	238.6	 to customers, right? By the time we restricted these securities to PCO, and it was 13 securities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=249.4s	249.4	 that we limited to sell only, that process is actually operationalized within Robinhood. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=257.5s	257.5	 we do it from time to time under various circumstances like corporate actions. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=262.5s	262.5	 when something has a reverse stock split or something like that, we can PCO it for a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=267.7s	267.7	 bit. So there's a button and a dashboard that you can click and automated emails get sent out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=274.0s	274.0	 So it's an operational process that I think in hindsight, we probably should have exceptionalized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=282.2s	282.2	 to make it clearer why we were doing this, just given all the swirl around all these meme stocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=287.3s	287.3	 online. But as soon as those emails went out, the conspiracy theories immediately started coming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=296.4s	296.4	 So my phone was blowing up with, how could you do this? How could you be on the side of the hedge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=301.4s	301.4	 funds? And of course, we're not on the side of the hedge funds. I mean, we're building products for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=307.1s	307.1	 our customers. And we just had to do what we did to meet our deposit requirements. Because if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=313.3s	313.3	 didn't do that, we would be in violation. And the consequences of that could have been much, much worse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=319.1s	319.1	 than simply halting buying in the 13 stocks. I think that's where when you were on CNBC with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=326.1s	326.1	 Sorkin, people either thought you were obfuscating or you were lying. And part of it is the guts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=335.0s	335.0	 your business is that at some point as well, you guys decided to self clear. And then going into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=340.3s	340.3	 self clearing, you become liable for every single trade that happens on your platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=347.3s	347.3	 If you look back on those two weeks- Can you explain to the audience what self clearing means?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=350.6s	350.6	 It means that typically you can work with a wholesaler to offload the risk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=355.3s	355.3	 Vlad acts as a transaction layer and as a UI and somebody else is responsible. At some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=360.4s	360.4	 these guys for economic reasons decided to take that responsibility on themselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=364.6s	364.6	 But when you do that, you take on the full-fledged liability of the value of every single trade on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=370.2s	370.2	 behalf of your customers. Yeah, I would think about it, I would explain it as there's pre-trade,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=377.1s	377.1	 then the trade and then post-trade. Robinhood obviously does pre-trade with, that's the app
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=383.6s	383.6	 and what's called the introducing broker-dealer. Our market makers do the trade, so we route it to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=389.8s	389.8	 all of the firms like Citadel Execution Services, Two Sigma. And then Robinhood Securities does the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=395.2s	395.2	 post-trade, the clearance and settlement. So we manage the exchange of cash and stocks that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=401.2s	401.2	 happens on T plus two, so two days after the trade is made. So what was not- I mean, if you had to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=409.0s	409.0	 give that answer again when Sorkin said, you have a liquidity issue, was the answer, yes, we have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=415.7s	415.7	 liquidity issue and here's why? Or is it still the same answer it was then? So I stand by what I said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=421.7s	421.7	 and I'll explain it. And thank you, by the way, for giving me a chance to explain it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=426.8s	426.8	 First of all, restricting securities, restricting the buying of securities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=433.1s	433.1	 is something that pretty much every broker did to some degree during this week, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=438.4s	438.4	 So when you say the L word in financial services, it reminds you of Lehman Brothers, where you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=444.7s	444.7	 literally are not able to operate your business. We met all of our deposit requirements. The new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=450.2s	450.2	 capital that we raised, the 3.4 billion, wasn't to meet our ongoing deposit requirements. We had met
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=456.8s	456.8	 them and in order to relax them and eventually unrestrict them, we needed to raise some more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=462.6s	462.6	 capital and eventually have more cushion so that if we keep seeing the type of growth that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=468.0s	468.0	 kept seeing, we didn't have to impose position limits again. So I stand by what I said. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=473.9s	473.9	 if you describe that as the L word, pretty much every broker would have had that issue. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=480.2s	480.2	 think at that point, the word kind of loses its meaning and the gotcha factor that the journalists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=486.2s	486.2	 are trying to get out of it. Do you think that the risk in the business went up when you decided to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=492.0s	492.0	 self-clear or would this risk have been the same if you worked through a wholesaler?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=496.6s	496.6	 Well, I think a lot of the other brokers who relied on clearing firms had the same issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=505.0s	505.0	 There's firms like Apex Clearing, which has introducing brokers. Cash App, for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=511.4s	511.4	 clears through a third party as well. And they all had this issue. And of course, their response was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=519.6s	519.6	 they kind of threw their clearing firm under the bus. So obviously, we're not going to do that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=524.4s	524.4	 because our clearing firm is Robinhood Securities. But I think understanding the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=529.8s	529.8	 space a little bit better, since Robinhood Securities is a subsidiary of my company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=537.0s	537.0	 I realized these clearing firms had to do what they did. It's not negotiable to meet your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=544.8s	544.8	 deposit requirements. Of course, we can ask, what can we do? Are these deposit requirements sensical?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=550.9s	550.9	 What can we do to drive change in the system? And I think that's where my... What's that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=556.8s	556.8	 Who sets those requirements? That's the clearing house, right? Is that the DTCC?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=561.0s	561.0	 Yeah, it's the DTCC. And a lot of this stuff is actually spelled out in Dodd-Frank. So if you look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=566.2s	566.2	 at Dodd-Frank, you'll see descriptions of the VAR charge and the various special charges there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=573.1s	573.1	 But I do think one thing that I'm very excited about is not going beyond just talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=580.1s	580.1	 our problems. I've talked about our problems a lot, but talking about solutions and how we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=585.8s	585.8	 can create a better financial system in the future. And I really think if you understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=590.9s	590.9	 the underbelly of what T plus two settlement is, you immediately ask yourself, why aren't we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=596.4s	596.4	 settling trades in real time? And I wrote a post on that. I had a tweet storm. I'd also say some of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=603.2s	603.2	 the feedback that I've gotten is, here's Vlad from Robinhood telling us about trying to change T plus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=609.1s	609.1	 two so that he can lower his deposit requirements. I think there's lots of other systemic issues that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=615.1s	615.1	 fall out of that. In particular, right now, you can short sell more stock than the shares that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=621.2s	621.2	 are outstanding, right? So some of these stocks had 140% short interest, right? So more shares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=627.9s	627.9	 were shorted than actually outstanding. And I just think that's pathological. And it stems from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=634.3s	634.3	 fact that these shares are tracked on pieces of paper. So they're basically not tracked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=643.0s	643.0	 I can lend you my shares. You can short them. The person that's buying them from you can lend them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=648.1s	648.1	 again. And you can do that multiple times. And you end up with this situation that could destabilize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=653.7s	653.7	 the financial markets, right? Moving from T plus two to T plus zero, that's one issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=661.0s	661.0	 Where do you think margin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=663.5s	663.5	 Yeah, that's what I was going to ask. Where is your margin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=665.8s	665.8	 What's your thoughts on margin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=667.8s	667.8	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=668.6s	668.6	 Well, so margin wasn't involved in this particular situation. In fact, there was an escalation path.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=676.2s	676.2	 Not a lot of people noticed until Thursday, but pretty much all the brokers, including Robinhood,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=681.9s	681.9	 were ratcheting up the margin requirements for all of these securities until they got to 100%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=690.0s	690.0	 So by the beginning of the week, they were pretty much all at 100%, which means you can't use margin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=695.0s	695.0	 to buy them. You have to have them 100% covered. So do you guys have a more specific question on margin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=702.7s	702.7	 Well, I meant more like, so for example, I think it's true, but you tell me if this is not true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=709.4s	709.4	 You guys paid like a $65 million fine to the SEC for gamifying Robinhood, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=716.2s	716.2	 It's not exactly true, but go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=718.7s	718.7	 Okay. Do you want to just tell us what the truth is?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=722.6s	722.6	 Yeah. Well, so the fine wasn't for gamifying Robinhood. It was for payment for order flow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=730.5s	730.5	 and business model related things. The gamification one is the Massachusetts securities one, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=741.6s	741.6	 a separate thing. Look, on the SEC thing, we're a fast growing company. We obviously scaled a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=750.8s	750.8	 between the period in question. Obviously, the Securities and Exchange Commission felt like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=760.2s	760.2	 we could have done things better. And I own that. I think that we're fine being held to higher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=765.1s	765.1	 standards. We have to hold ourselves to higher standards. And what we can do is just do some of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=771.2s	771.2	 the things we've done, staff up our compliance team, staff up our legal team. We brought on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=776.1s	776.1	 a new chief legal officer who was a former SEC commissioner, two new chief compliance officers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=781.2s	781.2	 for Robinhood Securities and Financial who had decades of experience. And the level to which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=787.5s	787.5	 we're investing in compliance, I mean, the goal is to build the finest legal and compliance team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=792.4s	792.4	 that the financial industry has seen. Let me tie it back flat to what we were talking about before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=797.6s	797.6	 So do you think that it's okay if we're trying to build a generation of investors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=805.0s	805.0	 to give them access to margin as easily as some apps, including Robinhood does,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=811.7s	811.7	 and then separately allows them to trade highly transactional high vol instruments like options
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=819.7s	819.7	 on top of that with margin? What do you think about that just as a general philosophy? Forget
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=824.0s	824.0	 business building for a second. Well, and then also, can you say what the margin you allow is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=828.5s	828.5	 for a new account? Because I don't think people understand what that is, maybe a little definition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=831.8s	831.8	 there. Well, there's a couple of things I want to clear up. Number one, you can't trade options on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=835.8s	835.8	 margin. So options are all fully paid for, right? Margin is not suitable for everyone. I'll admit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=843.8s	843.8	 that you have to understand it. And you also have to be a Robinhood Gold customer, which means you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=849.1s	849.1	 have to sign up and pay $5 a month. Most brokers don't gate margin behind a premium offering.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=856.5s	856.5	 So we're already a little bit more restrictive on that front. You have to have $2,000 in your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=863.2s	863.2	 account before you can borrow. And in December, we did lower our margin rates to 2.5%, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=870.3s	870.3	 a very competitive low rate. But let me tell you a use case for margin that I actually think is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=875.5s	875.5	 quite powerful. So obviously, one use case is kind of the typical one of buying more stock with your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=882.1s	882.1	 money. But if you build a large portfolio, you can actually use margin as a line of credit. And we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=888.7s	888.7	 offer this feature with our debit card. You can turn on what's called margin spending. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=894.2s	894.2	 that means is if you invest in your portfolio, you can borrow collateralized by your portfolio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=900.7s	900.7	 at a very low rate, which is one tenth of what you would borrow through a credit card. So I actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=906.9s	906.9	 think it's a powerful tool. Certainly, customers have to understand it and be suitable for it. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=913.8s	913.8	 it unlocks a type of borrowing, not just for buying stocks, but for meeting your daily purchasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=920.8s	920.8	 needs that I think is very useful. If somebody puts $2,000 in blood, can they trade $4,000,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=928.1s	928.1	 $6,000, $8,000? And does it matter what equities they're holding? How does it work?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=933.4s	933.4	 Yeah, the actual calculations are there's no blanket formula I can give you because it does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=941.4s	941.4	 depend on the securities that you buy. So the example I gave was, for example, GME and some of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=946.6s	946.6	 these other meme stocks, we raise the requirement on those to 100%. So those have to be fully paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=953.0s	953.0	 for. Other stocks have an initial requirement as low as 25% if it's one that is deemed by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=961.8s	961.8	 the operational staff and our processes as not being super volatile. And it can go in between.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=968.3s	968.3	 So 25% initial requirement all the way up to 100%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=971.7s	971.7	 So you can trade four times your money if it's a really blue chip secure stock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=977.4s	977.4	 More or less, yeah, with some nuance around that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=981.4s	981.4	 You know, time and again, Vlad, there's studies that show that it's really difficult to beat the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=985.8s	985.8	 market and make money trading in an efficient market, like the market we have for stocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=992.6s	992.6	 or options or what have you. There's a lot of players, there's a lot of liquidity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=995.7s	995.7	 there's a lot of people with information. It's these great fund managers over time underperform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1001.3s	1001.3	 just the S&P, right? And, you know, I think I mentioned this when we had that pod a few ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1007.6s	1007.6	 that I was involved in a Forex trading company and 60% of accounts eventually ran out of money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1013.6s	1013.6	 Can you share with us what percent of Robinhood accounts run out of money?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1018.2s	1018.2	 And, you know, do we mask generally, and I'm not accusing Robinhood specifically of this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1024.8s	1024.8	 but do we mask the idea of investing in businesses as, you know, a way of kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1031.7s	1031.7	 highlight of a way of hiding that people are really just using this to trade in and out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1036.3s	1036.3	 and try and make money in the short term and ultimately the majority of them end up losing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1041.2s	1041.2	 most of their money because the fees and the spread and the margin or whatever it is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1045.3s	1045.3	 kind of adds up, you know, wipes out the account. That's what I saw at this Forex company I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1049.6s	1049.6	 involved in. Can you share with us, you know, in a very candid way, like how many accounts do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1053.9s	1053.9	 eventually go bankrupt at Robinhood and how much of that do you really see?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1057.7s	1057.7	 First of all, I'd say Forex is a little bit different because the leverage you get in Forex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1061.7s	1061.7	 is like orders of magnitude higher. Yeah, I'll admit to that. It was like 10 to 50 to 1 leverage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1066.6s	1066.6	 So you're totally right. Yes. Yeah. So I do think the businesses are a little bit different.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1072.3s	1072.3	 Most of our customers don't use leverage. Most of our customers aren't active traders or trading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1077.6s	1077.6	 options. And if you look at some of the features that we've rolled out, the theme of this year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1083.0s	1083.0	 has been how do you turn a first time investor into a long term investor? So fractional shares,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1089.0s	1089.0	 recurring investments, DRIP, these tools allow someone to create a diversified portfolio of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1095.8s	1095.8	 individual stocks and recurringly buy into them over time. But is that the majority of users today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1102.9s	1102.9	 or the minority? You know, how many accounts do you see kind of cycle down to zero over what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1109.4s	1109.4	 period of time? I think a very small percentage of accounts have that property. I mean, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1117.3s	1117.3	 if you look back in 2020, we had a huge increase in growth and interest in investing right at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1124.5s	1124.5	 the bottom of the market crash in March. And I think people have taken advantage of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1131.8s	1131.8	 And our customers in general have benefited from the recovery very, very significantly. So I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1139.8s	1139.8	 would reject the meme that Robinhood customers are active traders that are just churning their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1146.4s	1146.4	 accounts and losing all of their money. That's just simply not what we're seeing. I know Sax has a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1152.1s	1152.1	 question, but one question I had with the conspiracy there is that I would just love to hear a yes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1157.4s	1157.4	 no to. Sure. Did Citadel call you and say stop this madness because they had exposure through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1162.3s	1162.3	 one of their hedge funds with GameStop? And did Sequoia call you and say, hey, stop this madness?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1168.2s	1168.2	 Or Joe Biden, you forgot the White House one. No, no, this was a formulaic decision made by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1176.1s	1176.1	 Robinhood securities due to deposit requirements. So Citadel didn't call and ask. Sequoia didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1180.5s	1180.5	 call and ask. Did the SEC call you and say this has to stop? No. But the clearinghouse did, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1187.8s	1187.8	 Yeah. Well, they called and they said, here are the deposit requirements. And we worked with them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1192.6s	1192.6	 to lower the risk so that we could meet the deposit requirement. Got it. And so just let me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1198.2s	1198.2	 pick up on that. So at the same time that was happening, and I know this wasn't Robinhood,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1203.2s	1203.2	 this is not your company, but Discord and Reddit were receiving reports that the WallStreetBets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1209.8s	1209.8	 forum was engaged in hate speech. And there was an organized effort to get them censored and taken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1215.4s	1215.4	 down. And Discord basically fell for it and took down WallStreetBets Reddit to their credit, did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1221.4s	1221.4	 not. Do you have a take on what happened there? And I mean, I assume you don't think WallStreetBets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1229.4s	1229.4	 was engaged in hate speech. Well, so that happened Wednesday, I believe. And yeah, we were watching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1237.3s	1237.3	 it. It was first, it was like, oh, wow, Discord shut down. And then I think WallStreetBets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1244.2s	1244.2	 went dark on Reddit for a little bit as well, but I'm not quite sure of the reasoning behind that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1249.4s	1249.4	 Look, I mean, I disavow hate speech, misinformation. I'm not, you know, judging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1257.0s	1257.0	 which of the posts are hate speech or not. I think that's the social media companies that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1262.4s	1262.4	 should take a look at that. The mods, I think the mods closed down Reddit for like a little bit and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1267.8s	1267.8	 then turned it back on. Yeah, I mean, a lot of these things get triggered if 10 people reported
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1273.2s	1273.2	 at the same time, it just, it sets off. It seems to me that, yeah, it seems to me that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1278.2s	1278.2	 and certainly this is, if you want to call it a conspiracy theory, it seemed like you had this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1283.3s	1283.3	 WallStreetBets group, they were on one side of the trade, you had these WallStreet hedge funds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1287.1s	1287.1	 that are on the other side of the trade. And there was an effort to weaponize the speech rules of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1291.8s	1291.8	 Reddit and Discord to cut off the lines of communication of WallStreetBets, because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1296.3s	1296.3	 only way that WallStreetBets as a decentralized group of millions of traders can stick together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1302.6s	1302.6	 and compete with these hedge funds is if they can communicate with each other by these services.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1307.3s	1307.3	 And so, you know, it seems like there was an organized effort to try and take them down at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1312.3s	1312.3	 the exact same time that they were frozen out of the buy side of the trade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1317.4s	1317.4	 Vlad, do you think that there should be more transparency in the financial markets, meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1322.3s	1322.3	 everything from payment for order flow, how much money companies make lending out their stock,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1329.2s	1329.2	 which company is short, which stock, which company is long, which stock on a more frequent basis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1334.9s	1334.9	 how much margin people are running? Do you think like we should move to perfect transparency in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1339.7s	1339.7	 the financial markets? I do think that there should be more transparency. And I'm glad you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1345.4s	1345.4	 brought up payment for order flow, because it's something that I'm trying to take on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1350.3s	1350.3	 You guys might have noticed I published a post on payment for order flow. I started a tweet storm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1357.0s	1357.0	 that is meant to just start the conversation around it. I want to understand kind of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1362.1s	1362.1	 misconceptions and the theories and knock them out one by one. And I think that'll lead to some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1367.4s	1367.4	 positive discourse around it. And there certainly might be things that will have to change. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1372.8s	1372.8	 think the first step is actually engaging in the conversation and kind of connecting the people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1378.9s	1378.9	 that understand the details with the people that have issues with it. And I don't think that's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1384.2s	1384.2	 happening enough. So for sure. But what about stuff like margin shorting, you know, short,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1391.0s	1391.0	 do you think that we should move all of this stuff so that it's just out front for everybody to see?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1396.0s	1396.0	 Well, I think if we migrate to a better settlement infrastructure and move to real time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1401.6s	1401.6	 settlement, you get a lot of that stuff for free, right? So you do get, and I know a lot of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1406.5s	1406.5	 crypto people came out after I published my post and said, you know, crypto solves this, you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1411.2s	1411.2	 just put it on a blockchain and everyone could see publicly what's going on and which shares are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1417.7s	1417.7	 being held short, where they are, who's owning them. So I think I would be in favor of more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1425.1s	1425.1	 transparency. I'm not sure at what point there's sort of like negative secondary effects. I haven't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1431.4s	1431.4	 kind of unspun the thread fully, but I think we can keep taking it one step at a time and see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1438.4s	1438.4	 more transparency generally, I think is much better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1441.4s	1441.4	 Hey, Vlad, when you guys go public, you've talked about having a listing at some point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1446.2s	1446.2	 here soon. Why would you not have all of your shares sold in the IPO through Robinhood to your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1454.3s	1454.3	 retail users? Why would you sell any shares to institutional investors?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1459.0s	1459.0	 Wow. Good question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1460.8s	1460.8	 It is an interesting question. It's one that I probably, that's probably the one I can't give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1466.6s	1466.6	 too much detail on. Hopefully you guys understand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1470.3s	1470.3	 My recommendation, if you're going to democratize access, do it all the way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1473.7s	1473.7	 Fuck the hedge funds and the big guys. If that's the point and you give retail equal access,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1479.6s	1479.6	 in all these transactions, as you know, institutions get all the access and the retail is left paying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1485.3s	1485.3	 the price. Have your entire listing done through retail. It would be a game-changing transaction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1492.7s	1492.7	 Yeah. So, I mean, a lot of this, it's really interesting that this turned into individuals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1497.9s	1497.9	 versus hedge funds because I think that's a really powerful story. But you also have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1502.5s	1502.5	 large institutions like Fidelity that are holders of all these stocks. You have individuals on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1508.3s	1508.3	 lot of platforms that were short selling them as well. Not Robinhood because Robinhood actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1514.0s	1514.0	 doesn't allow short selling by individuals, but a lot of the other brokers do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1518.9s	1518.9	 And you had statistics coming out that actually show retail versus institutional. And there was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1526.7s	1526.7	 some counterintuitive results. So, I think if you actually look deep into the plumbing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1531.4s	1531.4	 the story of long individuals, short institutions on opposite sides, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1538.6s	1538.6	 there's a little bit more nuance to it than that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1541.0s	1541.0	 Vlad, if you had to do it over, or actually forget about the past, think about the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1546.8s	1546.8	 What do you change inside the company?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1550.0s	1550.0	 Well, let's see. I think the 3.4 billion in extra capital certainly helps. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1556.7s	1556.7	 I'm very proud of the transition that we made between Thursday and Friday. So, Thursday,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1562.0s	1562.0	 we had the blunt hammer of PCOing these stocks, which obviously was not ideal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1567.3s	1567.3	 By Friday, we had moved to a much more sophisticated system where intraday, we adjust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1573.6s	1573.6	 the position limits in, it was up to 50 stocks, and we published that on our website. So, that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1580.2s	1580.2	 gave us a lot more granular control over it and is a better system. And we're going to only improve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1585.7s	1585.7	 that and take the learnings to other parts of the business. So, I think the great thing about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1592.9s	1592.9	 these sorts of crises is months and years worth of work get compressed and people are just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1601.8s	1601.8	 super aligned on the key priorities we need to do to move the business forward. And we saw that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1607.4s	1607.4	 And then the third thing I'd put is just, maybe you guys have seen, I feel like I've evolved as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1614.3s	1614.3	 the chief executive and as a leader. I didn't used to be on social media telling our story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1619.3s	1619.3	 very much, but I'm out there trying to encourage more transparency.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1623.4s	1623.4	 I would say much better today than with Elon, much better with Elon than Sorkin. So, progress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1629.0s	1629.0	 has been made. I have just a basic question. I know we got to wrap soon. When things get super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1633.5s	1633.5	 heated and you have this viral momentum where, I don't know how many people tried to sign up on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1638.3s	1638.3	 that day, but maybe you could give us an idea on that Wednesday or Thursday, was it, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1642.7s	1642.7	 five figures, six figures or seven figures worth of new accounts, why not throttle the new accounts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1647.7s	1647.7	 and say, hey, you're on the wait list. We onboard 10,000 people a day. Your day is going to be next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1654.1s	1654.1	 Thursday. So that you don't get caught in this, you know, everybody uses the fact that it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1660.2s	1660.2	 friction-free to sign up to do an emotional bet in a, you know, let's call it mob behavior, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1666.0s	1666.0	 Like this turned into a mob. And I guess some people believe it's a good mob to go up against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1670.8s	1670.8	 the hedge funds. But it could have equally been something, you know, something more deranged and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1677.4s	1677.4	 even more edge case is going to happen. So when that does happen and a million or 10 million people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1682.6s	1682.6	 sign up, can't you just pause it and say, we're not going to do any new accounts today. We've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1686.0s	1686.0	 reached our limit. We actually did do that. So we have been pausing new account approvals off and on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1692.6s	1692.6	 depending on the load. And, you know, customers have been experiencing in some cases short delays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1700.0s	1700.0	 with account approvals. Obviously not an ideal solution from our standpoint. But, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1705.2s	1705.2	 if we have to do that, we will do it. And we have done it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1709.0s	1709.0	 How many people signed up on that Wednesday? Like just ballpark? Like was it hundreds of thousands?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1713.0s	1713.0	 Millions? Jason, are we are we running an ad for Robinhood? Stop. No, I'm just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1716.7s	1716.7	 curious what the scope of it was. None of us cares. None of us cares. Vlad, last question. Hit me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1721.2s	1721.2	 Hey, listen, if you had to pick two different CEOs reactions to how you dealt with it, let's say Tim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1726.9s	1726.9	 Cook on one end of the spectrum and Zuck on the other. How do you think they would score
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1731.0s	1731.0	 what Robinhood did and what they are doing? Tim Cook, Zuckerberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1739.5s	1739.5	 You know, I'm not sure. I think that I think I'm proud of how the firm navigated this. I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1749.0s	1749.0	 obviously, there's ways to improve upon it. I think that, you know, anytime you get a phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1755.8s	1755.8	 call in the middle of the night saying you have to put up three billion dollars, all sorts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1759.8s	1759.8	 things run through your head. Right. I've had it happen. I know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1766.2s	1766.2	 That was just money from the cage for poker. I got a lot of people reaching out to me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1772.4s	1772.4	 which was amazing. If you had to do it over again, why not just post a blog that morning saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1777.9s	1777.9	 hey, we got a call in the middle of the night. We have to do this. Is that the thing you do over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1783.5s	1783.5	 again? No, because he'd be throwing his own company under the bus. He'd have to say Robinhood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1788.8s	1788.8	 Securities is telling Robinhood the broker to post this money because Robinhood Securities is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1793.3s	1793.3	 being told by their downstream clearing. So it's like you're in a difficult situation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1798.8s	1798.8	 You're saying it now, so better to say it at the time it all happened and it would have diffused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1803.7s	1803.7	 the whole crisis. Right. Well, first of all, I'm not throwing anyone under the bus. We did. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1807.8s	1807.8	 team did what they had to do. I don't think there was any way to navigate that differently. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1813.0s	1813.0	 the automated emails that went out to customers saying your stocks are restricted from buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1821.6s	1821.6	 these stocks probably could have been handled a little bit better. We probably could have offered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1826.3s	1826.3	 more detail into that with the foresight that maybe customers would think that a hedge fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1833.2s	1833.2	 forced us to do it or something like that. So certainly there's areas we can improve upon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1839.5s	1839.5	 across the board. One early investor called me throughout this and said, hey, chin up. Navigating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1846.0s	1846.0	 a crisis successfully unlocks the next level of value creation for the company. I've had that in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1852.2s	1852.2	 mind the entire time and I'm just doing what I can to make that future a reality, both for Robinhood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1858.9s	1858.9	 and for the financial system. I think that this could lead to some really positive change industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1863.2s	1863.2	 wide. Yeah. And just one last softball here. This is not about what happened with GameStop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1871.4s	1871.4	 We've had a debate on this pod. It got kind of heated between Jamoth and Jason about the nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1876.5s	1876.5	 of Jason's investment in Robinhood. Can you tell us your side of the story of what happened at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1883.6s	1883.6	 Antonio's Nut House and how much stumbling was involved precisely? Okay. I'm very glad you brought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1889.9s	1889.9	 this up because I've been meaning to call Jason out on it. He has this great story of how we met
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1896.6s	1896.6	 at Antonio's Nut House and he wrote a check. I think the real story is that on Robinhood launch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1907.2s	1907.2	 day, which was a Saturday and we violated every rule of PR and marketing by launching inadvertently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1914.3s	1914.3	 on a Saturday, I got a reach out from Launch, who was one of the first outlets to cover our launch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1923.0s	1923.0	 on Saturday. Jason's friend, Simon, ex-employee who ended up running social for us for a bit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1933.0s	1933.0	 was a big fan of Robinhood. He joined us as kind of our first social person. He introduced me to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1940.2s	1940.2	 Jason. I met Jason at Sequoia, Jason, where you agreed to invest. Then six months later, we met
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1948.2s	1948.2	 at Antonio's Nut House when we were raising our Series A. I think you gave me the advice to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1954.6s	1954.6	 with Index Ventures. No, I know. I said Sequoia all the way. Don't get me in trouble. I'm team Sequoia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1961.4s	1961.4	 I promise. Michael Moritz, Doug Leone, whoever's watching, I told them to go Sequoia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1965.3s	1965.3	 Sequoia was great. They unfortunately passed on our Series A as did a lot of other funds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1972.3s	1972.3	 All right. Listen, thanks for coming on the pod. We really appreciate you taking the time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1976.4s	1976.4	 and continued success. I'm glad we didn't give you a job offer back in 2008. Sounds like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1983.0s	1983.0	 it was the right move for you. Funny how things wore out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1986.6s	1986.6	 Apparently, I interviewed him in 2008 for a job and he didn't get the job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1990.6s	1990.6	 It was you and Alex Michalka was my main interviewer. It's funny, I graduated with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=1999.0s	1999.0	 math degree. I was doing pure math, which in 2008 made me unemployable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2005.3s	2005.3	 We were the only people hiring at that point. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2007.8s	2007.8	 You were the only people that would interview me. Everyone else was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2012.0s	2012.0	 where's your computer science degree? Can you code? I ended up going to math grad school,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2017.0s	2017.0	 which was one of the few options that I had and ended up dropping out and here I am.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2022.4s	2022.4	 Funny how things work. Well, good for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2024.3s	2024.3	 All right. Continued success and thanks for coming on the pod. We'll see you soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2028.0s	2028.0	 Thanks, Vlad. Thanks for having me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2031.9s	2031.9	 Wait, Vlad's back? Wait, Vlad's back. Sorry, I thought I was supposed to leave. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2037.8s	2037.8	 didn't know if you guys wanted me to leave. You can stay. I was saying after a year of Jason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2043.2s	2043.2	 asking us to run ads, he's found a way of trying to make this a 45 minute infomercial for Robin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2050.1s	2050.1	 Absolutely. Listen, I'm ride or die. Vlad, you know that. I'm ride or die with my founders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2054.5s	2054.5	 I didn't ask for that and I don't need it. We're just trying to keep everything up and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2059.3s	2059.3	 let all the people safely in who have been banging on our door.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2063.4s	2063.4	 How much have you been sleeping, Vlad? Have you been able to sleep? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2066.1s	2066.1	 this has got to be exhausting. Oh my God, really? Can you ask him something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2071.8s	2071.8	 like at least semi fucking challenging? Honestly, that's why you guys are here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2077.8s	2077.8	 If you're walking down the road and a Robin Hood customer, this is a tough one. I'm sorry. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2082.6s	2082.6	 thought you were over this, but you logged yourself back in. So and a Robin Hood customer that lost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2087.0s	2087.0	 all this money when they got locked out of trading that day comes up to you and screams and cries.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2092.6s	2092.6	 I lost all my money. What do you say to them? You know, I got completely destroyed. My life savings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2098.3s	2098.3	 is wiped out. I mean, I've read a bunch of these comments on different boards and so on. Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2101.9s	2101.9	 what do you say? Because I know that's a tough one to swallow. And I know that, you know, we've heard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2106.5s	2106.5	 the story around what happened. But what do you say to that person? Well, first of all, I'd be very,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2112.7s	2112.7	 very empathetic. I probably want to understand how someone could lose money when they couldn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2120.0s	2120.0	 buy a stock at the all time high. So I think the details around that, I mean, if you look back,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2126.5s	2126.5	 and obviously this had nothing to do with the decision, right? But Thursday was the all time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2131.1s	2131.1	 high. Yeah. Yeah. But that's, but the reason for that is because the ability of Wall Street bets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2137.4s	2137.4	 to continue the trade was basically interrupted, right? They were engaged in a short squeeze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2143.3s	2143.3	 against these big hedge funds. And in order for this to keep driving the squeeze up and up and up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2148.2s	2148.2	 they needed it basically to be able to buy. And then once they got frozen out of all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2152.8s	2152.8	 online broker accounts, not just you guys, but all of them, that broke the trade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2159.7s	2159.7	 Right? Maybe. Hypothetically. But that's what they were so upset about is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2167.0s	2167.0	 they got locked out of the buy side of the trade. They weren't locked out of the sell side, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2171.0s	2171.0	 They got locked out of the buy side. And that allowed the big hedge funds 24 hours to regroup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2177.4s	2177.4	 and uncover the trade. The price went down and that basically cracked the whole thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2183.4s	2183.4	 Well, I'm not sure about the exact details there on the hedge fund side or what happened. Look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2188.9s	2188.9	 what I can say is we're going to do our best to make sure that we get better and we serve our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2196.1s	2196.1	 customers whenever they want to buy stocks and we'll do that and we're going to get better and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2202.2s	2202.2	 better every day. And the truth is if you had had the money in the bank account for DTCC to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2208.6s	2208.6	 compliant, you would have been like you weren't trying. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2211.5s	2211.5	 you're in the business of letting people try out question. Yeah. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2216.1s	2216.1	 You make nothing if people stop trading. You need people to trade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2220.0s	2220.0	 The core of the business, right? Yeah, this wasn't, you know, a value judgment or some kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2225.4s	2225.4	 moral stance. And we weren't pressured into doing it by anything other than our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2230.3s	2230.3	 regulatory deposit requirements. What do you think is the future of payment for order flow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2235.7s	2235.7	 and revenue sharing on sort of like the ways in which like meaning how much do you think of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2243.0s	2243.0	 that payment for order flow revenue should you share with customers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2247.7s	2247.7	 Yeah, that's a good question. I mean, this is all highly regulated and it's become the industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2253.7s	2253.7	 standard business model, right? So I'm not sure we're excited to have a conversation about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2261.0s	2261.0	 I do think exchanges are here to stay. Market making is here to stay. Market making is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2267.7s	2267.7	 profitable enterprise. And so some level of revenue share between the market maker and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2273.7s	2273.7	 the broker makes sense. And it is regulated. So I'm not quite sure what if any changes need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2281.1s	2281.1	 to come. But hopefully this will be part of the conversation that we can help create and work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2287.7s	2287.7	 through. And I think part of the problem is just the opacity of it. You know, it's kind of like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2293.3s	2293.3	 interchange. Does anyone know that interchange is this sort of like hidden piece of revenue every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2299.7s	2299.7	 time you transact with a debit card or a credit card? It's sort of analogous in a way, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2305.2s	2305.2	 Well, I think more people do just because the technology companies that have come around,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2310.2s	2310.2	 like, you know, Stripe and others will eventually just try to take it to zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2314.2s	2314.2	 And so if anything, I think what the business model, or at least the business strategy of all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2319.4s	2319.4	 these companies is when you find to your point, these opaque pools of revenue, the innovation is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2325.8s	2325.8	 just to give consumers power by taking these costs to zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2329.9s	2329.9	 If you've decided tomorrow to do Robin Hood Pro, you know, higher level than gold and charge 50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2337.8s	2337.8	 bucks a month for 50 trades, and then $5 each trade after that would solve the problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2344.2s	2344.2	 Anybody's misgivings about this, right? You could just offer both options.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2349.4s	2349.4	 Well, I think it's payment for order flow enabled commission free trading, right? It helps cover the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2356.1s	2356.1	 costs of the business that leads to our ability to offer commission free trading. And moreover,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2364.8s	2364.8	 it allows smaller investors to participate. So certainly, I think that model would work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2372.9s	2372.9	 but the consequence would be smaller investors would, would not benefit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2378.3s	2378.3	 If the option is there, it'd be like Facebook saying we have an option for you to pay and not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2381.9s	2381.9	 see ads and be tracked, right? It would just be great option.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2386.4s	2386.4	 What do you think is the difference between investing and trading? And what do you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2390.5s	2390.5	 has to happen so that, you know, back to where you started, if you want people to close the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2395.0s	2395.0	 inequality gap, how do you allow them to do it? Trading versus investing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2400.2s	2400.2	 Well, I think the difference between trading and investing, investing is a little bit more about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2407.0s	2407.0	 accumulation. So typically you're buying more stock and building up positions over time. Trading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2414.7s	2414.7	 comes into play, I think, when you're selling, right? When you're selling sort of strategically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2421.9s	2421.9	 and you're doing it not driven by outside needs for the capital, but more for sort of like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2432.9s	2432.9	 intrinsic needs. So I think the question is, would we ever prevent people from selling? Ideally not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2441.9s	2441.9	 I mean, people have various needs that they could have for getting out of positions. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2447.8s	2447.8	 as a platform, we have to allow for that. Awesome. Your PR people are literally going to come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2455.3s	2455.3	 freaking out breaking your glass in your house. She literally running from HQ.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2463.1s	2463.1	 She's going to be started banging on the back window. You cannot be on this pod. Great job,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2467.3s	2467.3	 Vlad. And remember, use the order code bestie and get your first free month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2474.5s	2474.5	 Well, thanks for having me, gentlemen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2479.1s	2479.1	 All right. Thanks, man. Great job. Take care. Thanks for answering our questions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2483.5s	2483.5	 Thank you for coming. You're going to log back in in two minutes, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2487.9s	2487.9	 Come back for the chess of Buden and Gavin do some recall news. Your PR people will be delighted if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2493.4s	2493.4	 you comment on that. Are we going to do a debrief? The debrief, from my opinion, is that I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2503.3s	2503.3	 they have to really tighten two things. One is they need to make a decision. How do they want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2508.7s	2508.7	 to make money? Because I think this is the third time these issues have come up. It's probably not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2514.3s	2514.3	 going to be the last. And because there's going to be more market volatility, not less. And so you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2519.2s	2519.2	 just got to decide how you want to make money because there is no amount of money that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2523.2s	2523.2	 possible if you're going to build a successful business and run into these margin constraints.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2526.6s	2526.6	 Right? You can't, there's just no amount of money that you could have. Meaning, if you look at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2531.0s	2531.0	 folks that didn't get called were folks that had Schwab accounts. Why? Because Schwab is investing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2536.0s	2536.0	 And if you look at the folks that did have these margin issues, because Robinhood wasn't the only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2539.7s	2539.7	 one, they're all the trading and sort of like high frequency shops. And so, you know, that's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2544.5s	2544.5	 decision. And then it's back to what David said, which is like, once you make a decision, you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2549.4s	2549.4	 to be able to tell people, like, this is what you want to stand for. And you have to have the right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2553.3s	2553.3	 internal controls and governance. And so, you know, if he gets these things right, maybe they can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2558.0s	2558.0	 on the other side of it. Otherwise, they're just going to continually step on this stuff. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2563.2s	2563.2	 think that the, you know, if folks lose enough money, they're going to be pretty upset, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2568.6s	2568.6	 Sounded to me like David, Freeberg, you had a good point about offering the Robinhood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2576.0s	2576.0	 consumer base the ability to buy the shares. I think 100% of it should go to the retail investors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2581.3s	2581.3	 He didn't say no. And he kind of I kind of got the inclination that he was going to do that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2586.3s	2586.3	 100% he will not. Yeah, this came out in the past where he said they were going to offer some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2591.8s	2591.8	 of the IPO shares to Robinhood customers. And so that was a few months ago. I think I said publicly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2597.6s	2597.6	 on Twitter, why don't you offer all your shares to IPO customers? Like, why take any of them direct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2603.3s	2603.3	 to me? Could he technically become a clearinghouse and IPO people? But then what I'd be like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2608.2s	2608.2	 partnership in it. Yeah, like, why don't you just take, you know, if Fidelity wants to buy shares,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2612.8s	2612.8	 let him buy shares on the open market, like all the retail customers are forced to do. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2616.6s	2616.6	 the Fidelity argument is, well, we're buying 50 $100 million blocks at a time. So we don't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2620.4s	2620.4	 to have to be in the market doing that. But the marginal cost of buying a single share versus the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2625.3s	2625.3	 marginal cost of buying a million shares is much, much higher. And, you know, that's the that's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2630.5s	2630.5	 challenge with, you know, with retail access in financial markets that Robinhood has set out to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2635.3s	2635.3	 solve, as have many others. And it would be a really powerful statement if they said, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2640.1s	2640.1	 what, we're going to show the world that the market can all go direct and be efficient,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2645.0s	2645.0	 and actually make all of their IPO shares available. And then you know what, if the big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2648.2s	2648.2	 block trade guys want to buy some, go ahead and buy it from the retail guys in the open market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2652.5s	2652.5	 And do 50 50, you know, offer everybody who's a Robinhood shareholder, if I just think that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2657.6s	2657.6	 would, if they could fill their demand, their demand on their book for their IPO from retail,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2662.1s	2662.1	 do that. And let anyone else let Fidelity sign up for Robinhood account and buy their shares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2666.6s	2666.6	 through Robinhood, you know, like, the fact is, the big block buyers always get a discount,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2672.6s	2672.6	 right, they pay wholesale pricing in these markets. And that's also part of why it's so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2676.9s	2676.9	 difficult for retail to actually find a footing. And so it would be a really powerful statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2681.8s	2681.8	 for them to kind of go all the way. Sure, I think it's almost certain they're going to get some of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2685.7s	2685.7	 the shares available in the IPO through to Robinhood customers to great. It's a great kind of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2690.6s	2690.6	 you know, publicity point, but, but it would be really powerful if they shifted the whole the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2694.3s	2694.3	 whole thing. I mean, years ago, when I was at Google, we did the IPO, I don't know if you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2697.9s	2697.9	 remember this, but it was the first time we tried to do this Dutch auction. So the reverse pricing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2701.9s	2701.9	 so anyone, any individual, any retailer, and retail customer, and any institution could bid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2707.4s	2707.4	 on Google shares. And then there was a clearing price that was hidden, everyone got their shares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2711.0s	2711.0	 at the same time. So there wasn't this order book that was built by going to the big guys that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2715.0s	2715.0	 banks all know and love, like Fidelity and Tiro and so on, selling a big discounted shares, it was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2720.3s	2720.3	 true market auction. And the direct listing is the new model for this that totally democratizes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2725.2s	2725.2	 access to the shares, creates fair and transparent pricing for everyone. And so you don't end up with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2729.6s	2729.6	 these like discounted shares that pop 80% on day one. Okay, Sachs, what is your debrief on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2734.6s	2734.6	 Vlad appearance? So I think Vlad did a pretty good job handling our questions, answering some B minus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2743.0s	2743.0	 answering some deflecting some, I think that look, I think I don't think Vlad's a bad guy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2749.0s	2749.0	 I think he's a good guy, I think Robinhood wanted to do the right thing, I don't think they had any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2752.8s	2752.8	 reason to want to freeze their own users out of their accounts. I don't think they wanted to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2757.8s	2757.8	 what they did. I think that there was a little bit of a blind spot there on his part in terms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2763.6s	2763.6	 of understanding the consequences of that freeze out, right, because it did break the buy side of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2769.5s	2769.5	 the trade for Wall Street bets. And then that that basically allowed the hedge funds to recover. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2774.6s	2774.6	 that was that moment, you know, and so that was that was a big deal. I think the consequences of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2779.8s	2779.8	 that decision were a big deal. But it's a counterfactual, right? We don't know. We'll never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2784.1s	2784.1	 know if we know, of course, look, it was it was that Thursday, where the short squeeze ended because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2790.5s	2790.5	 Wall Street bets couldn't keep buying, they couldn't keep engineering their side of the trade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2794.3s	2794.3	 Obviously, that's why it cracked, right? And Robinhood was a big part of that whole thing collapsing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2799.5s	2799.5	 that was going to collapse at some point, there's no question that the air was going to go out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2803.4s	2803.4	 balloon. Right? But we have gone to five or 600 is the question. Yeah, but but but how much money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2808.5s	2808.5	 the hedge funds were going to lose, whether they're going to get busted out of the game for good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2811.3s	2811.3	 and who was going to get left holding the bag. Those were all questions that got answered in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2816.0s	2816.0	 a completely different way. Because Robinhood did what it did. Now, I don't believe that they had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2821.6s	2821.6	 choice. I think they did it because they were forced to do it. But it did have huge consequences.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2827.6s	2827.6	 I thought he did. He's doing a better and better job explaining this highly technical stuff. And,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2833.0s	2833.0	 you know, obviously, if they can't talk about their IPO, that does tell you certain things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2837.1s	2837.1	 I don't have any inside information. But he obviously there's things what I get from this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2841.6s	2841.6	 is there are things he can talk about. And there are things he can't talk about, there might be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2845.8s	2845.8	 either things with the IPO or things with confidentiality between them and some of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2851.1s	2851.1	 parties. Like, I have a feeling people are not allowed to talk about this DTCC and what goes on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2856.2s	2856.2	 there. Because there might be I would have liked that that was an area where I really wanted to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2860.4s	2860.4	 hear more details and get more clarity because I mean, I believe that look, the order came down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2864.9s	2864.9	 in the middle of the night from the DTCC, right. And so that's why I kept asking, why wouldn't you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2869.7s	2869.7	 just say to the DTCC, give me that one writing about them. Okay, fair enough. I'm reading into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2875.8s	2875.8	 it. And I don't think I think it might be one of these non disclosures, where you can't mention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2879.2s	2879.2	 the non disclosure, which we've all maybe maybe but but but but see, that was the heart of my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2884.3s	2884.3	 question is if you're ordered by somebody in the middle of the night to take an action, that is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2889.6s	2889.6	 adversarial to your own users. Well, I would ask them for that in writing and posted on your website,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2894.3s	2894.3	 posted on your blog so to show that you don't have a choice. I mean, I believe that he didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2899.0s	2899.0	 have a choice. But why didn't he say that from the very beginning? Right? I mean, yeah, that's what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2903.2s	2903.2	 caused all the problems for them. Yeah. All right. They have folks, everybody go to the syndicate.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2908.4s	2908.4	 slash all in boys. I love you. I gotta go. Great job. Talk to you soon. Talk to you guys later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2914.4s	2914.4	 Love you guys. Love you bestie. All right, we'll see you all next time. Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2944.4s	2944.4	 Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2949.9s	2949.9	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2954.3s	2954.3	 like sexual tension, but they just need to release it out. What? You're the bee. What? You're the bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HopEdff0RCU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=114&t=2963.3s	2963.3	 We need to get merch.
