https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=0.0s	0.0	 I got a count of the other another billion dollars I lost. I've lost two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3.6s	3.6	 two billion dollars in the last two days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=5.6s	5.6	 Are you guys recording? Please record this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=7.3s	7.3	 Looks like we, looks like we need a poker game tomorrow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=10.4s	10.4	 Can you imagine how tilted Chamath is going to go into the poker game?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=13.3s	13.3	 He's going to be, he's going to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=15.4s	15.4	 He's going to buy in for two million just to try and get even.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=30.0s	30.0	 Hey everybody. Hey everybody. Welcome to another episode of the All In Podcast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=42.9s	42.9	 We took a week off and boy that was sad. I missed you guys. I missed my besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=49.0s	49.0	 We should tell people we had a small medical procedure for one of the besties,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=53.2s	53.2	 but everything's good and it was planned. So, nothing out of the ordinary,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=58.1s	58.1	 but we just needed to take a week off. That's why we missed a week and that's why we're back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=61.4s	61.4	 Yes. And one of the besties, God, I got so many jokes. I'm not going to tell.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=66.6s	66.6	 All the jokes that came into my mind right now would get me canceled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=69.0s	69.0	 Will get you canceled? Really?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=70.4s	70.4	 I just, I literally had seven jokes. I can't tell any of them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=73.8s	73.8	 Based on the amount of money that I've lost in the last two days, I'm ready to get canceled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=77.0s	77.0	 So it's fine. Put them in the chat and I'm just going to fucking let them rip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=82.2s	82.2	 All right, everybody. David Sacks, the Rain Man is here calling in from an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=86.2s	86.2	 undisclosed compound. Treyberg, the queen of quinoa back in action and the dictator himself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=94.6s	94.6	 licking his wounds. Two billion dollars for a billion a day. Keep it going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=100.2s	100.2	 Checking the Apple stock app, hitting refresh and going, thank God these companies have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=105.0s	105.0	 fundamentals because I haven't seen this much blood since Game of Thrones.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=109.6s	109.6	 Jason, honestly, at this run rate, I can lose a trillion dollars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=114.6s	114.6	 I just think you could have losted me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=121.6s	121.6	 How does today feel compared to last March when the same thing was happening?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=125.2s	125.2	 Every day the market was down 10%. Well, this is what's important to remember.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=128.7s	128.7	 We made a joke. It was like, it can only go down 10% so many days in a row.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=132.7s	132.7	 March 31st, you guys have to remember that March 31st of 2020, the headlines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=139.9s	139.9	 all over the press and you can go to the way back machine and look at these things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=144.2s	144.2	 But the Dow was down 20 some odd percent. The S&P was down 20% and it looked like the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=151.0s	151.0	 was going to end and then we had our first big stimulus bill and things started to look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=157.0s	157.0	 China started to reopen slowly and things started to look better. What's interesting is you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=161.5s	161.5	 this rotational sort of deleveraging that's happening right now. People are repricing in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=167.0s	167.0	 inflation. People are moving into sort of these overlooked stories, getting out of growth a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=172.6s	172.6	 bit and it's a bloodbath. But I would just encourage us all to remember that we were in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=178.8s	178.8	 some pretty dark days in March of last year as well and when you looked at it by the end of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=183.1s	183.1	 year, it looked amazing. I would just add to that. The markets are looking pretty grim for tech stocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=187.4s	187.4	 right now, but this all started because of a really great jobs report showing that the economy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=193.0s	193.0	 roaring back. We added 379,000 jobs in February, which beat expectations by 200,000. They also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=201.4s	201.4	 revised the January gains up 166,000. Now the unemployment rate is down to 6.2%. Remember,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=209.3s	209.3	 it was at like 15% last summer during the lockdowns for COVID. All of this is fundamentally due to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=218.2s	218.2	 I think, really great news in the economy because COVID is ending, which kind of begs the question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=223.5s	223.5	 of why we need another $1.9 trillion stimulus bill. But I think that ultimately there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=229.5s	229.5	 lot of good news in the real economy and what investors are doing is figuring out how to now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=235.5s	235.5	 price or reprice all these different stocks in light of the economy roaring back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=240.5s	240.5	 So just a little math lesson to build on what you're saying. Everybody has a risk-free rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=247.3s	247.3	 and all stocks are priced according to that risk-free rate. For the last year, particularly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=254.7s	254.7	 when risk-free rates were essentially zero to negative, meaning that's the riskless money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=260.2s	260.2	 that you get from the government, it was hard to do anything except belong growth stocks in a big,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=265.9s	265.9	 big way. But David, to your point, if we get two or three more quarters of these kinds of jobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=271.6s	271.6	 numbers, you're going to have a low single-digit unemployment number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=276.3s	276.3	 What that means is wages will have to go up for businesses to compete. That's the kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=282.4s	282.4	 traditional form of inflation that actually reprices things because then you lever up rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=288.8s	288.8	 to kind of control inflation. When you lever up rates and all of a sudden they're not zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=293.4s	293.4	 but they're two, three, four, five, six percent, this is sort of what brought the tech bubble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=298.0s	298.0	 to a halt in 2000, which is that you had six percent real rates. You can't own businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=303.7s	303.7	 that are projecting revenues, let alone profits in 2026.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=307.8s	307.8	 – When you can invest your money in a bond and make six percent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=313.5s	313.5	 Just for folks that don't know, this week started with this big bond sell-off. What that means is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=318.7s	318.7	 bonds that used to yield zero percent when you sell them, they're now yielding 10-year treasuries,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=323.9s	323.9	 I think, are at one and a half points. As an investor, if I can make one and a half percent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=329.0s	329.0	 with no risk by owning US treasuries over the next 10 years, that may feel like a better bet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=334.0s	334.0	 than owning some risky asset, some speculative company. Now, the other thing that it has done,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=341.0s	341.0	 and Chamath, correct me if I'm off on this, but what I'm hearing is that that higher rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=346.9s	346.9	 because bonds sold down, because people are expecting inflation to come back up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=351.3s	351.3	 the interest rates to borrow money are going up. If you're a hedge fund or an institutional money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=357.1s	357.1	 manager, over the last year or so, you've been able to borrow money for zero percent. You can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=361.8s	361.8	 lever up your portfolio and buy as many stocks as you want without paying any interest on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=367.2s	367.2	 Now that rates are creeping back up, people are de-levering. They're taking risk off,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=371.6s	371.6	 and that's causing a sell-off in both bonds and stocks, and especially on the speculative end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=376.6s	376.6	 of the market where there's been obviously unchecked investment capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=383.4s	383.4	 You're absolutely right. Look, at the end of the day, the cost of borrowing for a company goes up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=389.0s	389.0	 What that's really saying is the investor that's lending them the money has other alternatives,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=396.4s	396.4	 and so then they're willing to charge you more and more for this capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=400.4s	400.4	 As that happens, you'll see some companies get into potentially some real trouble because they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=406.2s	406.2	 going to be borrowing money at rates where they can't necessarily generate the cash flows in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=409.8s	409.8	 future to pay those things back. At the same time, as you said, if you look at the SPAC market has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=416.6s	416.6	 taken a real beating, what are SPACs really? Well, in many ways, SPACs are synthetic bonds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=424.4s	424.4	 and the reason is because if you go and buy a SPAC, one share of any SPAC, you have the ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=432.9s	432.9	 to redeem that if you don't like the deal that it does and get back your coupon, your notional rather.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=440.8s	440.8	 If you were to buy a government German bond at negative 1% or buy any SPAC where you can put that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=449.1s	449.1	 same $10 to work and get back $10, well, you do that versus getting back $9.90. In many ways,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=455.6s	455.6	 like the SPAC market benefited from rates at zero because you could synthetically be long SPACs as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=461.4s	461.4	 almost a way of being synthetically long fixed income. Now, as rates go up, that's not true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=466.4s	466.4	 What that leaves in the SPAC market are actually people who want to own long-term equity. If you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=473.1s	473.1	 combine that with what we just said, which is the cost of capital going up and the discount rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=477.2s	477.2	 going up, now all of a sudden companies need to be really real. You're seeing that because if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=481.6s	481.6	 you look at the companies that have just announced SPAC deals just in the last few days, their stocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=485.8s	485.8	 have gotten absolutely obliterated. They're right on the knife's edge going into the redemption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=491.0s	491.0	 period. If you have one or two more months of this where all of a sudden bonds look better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=496.6s	496.6	 and some of these SPACs post-announcement but pre-DESPACing go through $10 a share,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=503.9s	503.9	 people just redeem for $10. You'll have a bunch of busted IPOs or mergers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=509.3s	509.3	 By the way, another thing we're seeing, sorry, Jason, but another thing I think we're seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=512.3s	512.3	 right now is in the near term is a feedback loop. As selling takes place, what happens is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=518.2s	518.2	 market participants are jumping in and short selling and participating in the trend of that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=522.8s	522.8	 stock. There are these experiences that are underway where it's not just about a sell-off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=528.8s	528.8	 of owners, but it's also about a momentum trade that a lot of people are playing into.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=533.1s	533.1	 There is a very short-term, extremely compounded effect of the de-levering that's happening and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=538.3s	538.3	 the cycling that's happening in these markets. It's super volatile and probably will be for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=542.4s	542.4	 little bit of time here, right? I think so. I think we need to figure out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=546.2s	546.2	 whether there's a real inflation- Risk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=551.6s	551.6	 Drag and cooking someplace. If there really is inflation, again, you have to think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=556.4s	556.4	 trillions of dollars we put into the economy eventually has to come out in productive goods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=562.0s	562.0	 and services. All of that excess capital will probably inflate prices. Now, it begs a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=569.2s	569.2	 question, which is maybe we've just actually been missing inflation all along because if you ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=573.9s	573.9	 somebody who lives in a city what the cost of rent has been, that thing has been inflating by,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=579.1s	579.1	 feels like 20% a year for years. Healthcare and education costs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=583.8s	583.8	 And healthcare and education costs. Maybe we've just done a really terrible job in the last few
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=587.8s	587.8	 years of actually measuring inflation the way it should be. It's calling this whole basket of CPI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=594.2s	594.2	 X energy. It's kind of nutty. Maybe the whole thing just made no sense a few years ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=599.8s	599.8	 To David's point, and David gave me just a huge bag of red pills while we were off this week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=604.6s	604.6	 so I've been on a bender on these red pills. But if you look at those three categories,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=609.8s	609.8	 what do they have in common? Education, healthcare, and housing, massive regulation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=615.8s	615.8	 And then if you look at the things that have gone down, consumer goods, electronics, food,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=620.8s	620.8	 et cetera, or have stayed flat in terms of inflation, those are things that the free market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=625.5s	625.5	 participates in. The government's not involved.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=627.4s	627.4	 And it's not just the fact there's a lot of government regulation in things like healthcare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=632.3s	632.3	 and education. It's also that the government pays for a significant portion of it. And so there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=637.4s	637.4	 no reason for the people who are billing the government to keep costs down. I mean, this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=642.4s	642.4	 why the price of education of a college degree keeps going up is because the government's paying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=647.0s	647.0	 for a lot of it. David, you probably, I think you may have seen this, but when we announced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=652.6s	652.6	 our merger with Clover for IPOC, one of the first slides I put up there was the only place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=658.8s	658.8	 in the market since 2010 where you would have made more money than being long Facebook and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=664.7s	664.7	 Google and Apple and Amazon was being long UnitedHealthcare, Cigna, Wellspring. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=670.9s	670.9	 reason is because healthcare was this incredible thing post-Obamacare. Nobody wants to talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=676.6s	676.6	 it on the left because it makes it look terrible, but we created massive price inflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=681.9s	681.9	 And UnitedHealthcare was a $30 billion company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=685.0s	685.0	 Narrative violation, be careful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=686.5s	686.5	 Right before Obamacare passed, today it's a $330 billion company. And the level of growth that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=693.5s	693.5	 they and Aetna and Cigna and Wellspring, these companies have seen is astounding. So these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=702.0s	702.0	 highly regulated systems of societal infrastructure, that's where all the gains have been. Regulatory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=708.7s	708.7	 capture writ large.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=709.9s	709.9	 Right. Well, as soon as the government is paying for it, all the suppliers know they can increase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=714.0s	714.0	 their prices. Why wouldn't they? So what happens is the government tries to make something free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=719.6s	719.6	 for people and all they end up doing is making it really expensive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=722.1s	722.1	 Well, they make it expensive in this very convoluted way, which is hard to track, right? Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=730.2s	730.2	 it's like, who's actually paying? Well, the insurance companies want to just book more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=736.2s	736.2	 revenue. Even if their gross aggregate profit grows much, much more slowly, they'd rather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=741.8s	741.8	 make the same amount of profit on a billion dollars versus $100 million. So what do they do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=747.7s	747.7	 Their incentive is to just jack prices up. Who are paying those prices? Companies pay those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=752.3s	752.3	 prices. Who bears those costs? All of this stuff is really not clear because ultimately downstream,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=758.2s	758.2	 somebody has to pay for this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=759.6s	759.6	 Taxpayers. And it's all obscured. I mean, look at the 10% of the total revenue that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=766.0s	766.0	 we're talking about. And we're talking about the 10th story that we were sharing on our group
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=770.0s	770.0	 group thread $61,000 for San Francisco to put people into tents with a no big contract.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=776.8s	776.8	 One question I have for for you all is, we look back the last time we were at 6% unemployment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=784.6s	784.6	 July 2014, we look at the unemployment graph, it spiked up to, as we discussed 15%. And it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=791.0s	791.0	 spiked up to the 6% rate. If we look back on this moment in time, and how quickly the economy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=798.3s	798.3	 recovering from this disaster that we've never experienced before, it looks like this recession
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=804.5s	804.5	 is going to be recovered. And we're going to we're already back in business in such a short
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=809.5s	809.5	 period of time compared to what happened in the Great Recession and the dot com boom. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=815.3s	815.3	 is America and the US dollar and the economy anti fragile now to use a telep term? What what do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=822.6s	822.6	 how do we look at what happened with the economy? Do Trump do everything right with the stimulus?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=826.7s	826.7	 This is a complete outlier in the following way in a typical recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=831.4s	831.4	 What what has to happen is so you have a contraction in the economy, but you don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=836.5s	836.5	 when the bottom is right. The bottom is some number of months in the future. And government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=841.3s	841.3	 policy is basically trying to create a soft landing, where all of a sudden, the cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=846.6s	846.6	 capital is low enough now where people say, on the margin now this incremental dollar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=851.0s	851.0	 I would rather borrow and invest, which drives growth, which then gets the economy going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=855.8s	855.8	 And so, you know, how does the government deal with that? They are looking at economic data and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=860.5s	860.5	 saying, Okay, you know what, let me cut rates, I'll cut rates again, I'll cut rates again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=864.2s	864.2	 And that's really the one tool that they have in their toolbox, because they're trying to predict
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=867.8s	867.8	 in the future, how many rate cuts do I need to get, or have rather, how big do they need to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=874.2s	874.2	 until I get to that place where you bottom out? The pandemic was the exact opposite,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=878.4s	878.4	 because in many ways, we actually hit the bottom in month one, because we said everything go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=882.2s	882.2	 zero right now. Right? When you shut everything down, you technically can't have less economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=887.8s	887.8	 activity than zero. Yeah. And so and so in many ways, you price the bottom on day one, boom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=893.9s	893.9	 And in hindsight, you know, the real insight would have been to see that and say, I'm buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=900.4s	900.4	 this moment, because it only gets better from here. So in one ways, like all of the tools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=907.2s	907.2	 are actually now we need to think about them in opposite. And I don't think we have that training
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=913.2s	913.2	 to do that well. So we're still going back to the same toolbox, which is why what David said is so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=917.4s	917.4	 true. You know, we're thinking about incremental stimulus as a as like a way to get to a soft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=923.0s	923.0	 landing. But we've already actually taken the hard medicine a year ago. Let's let's tackle that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=927.3s	927.3	 sex should we and let's let's take virtue signaling and populism out of this discussion just on an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=932.6s	932.6	 economic basis. Is it necessary to send every American another 600,000 2000 knowing what we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=940.8s	940.8	 know today with the unemployment rate going down? Or would be read or we'd be better off taking that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=946.2s	946.2	 capital and deploying it in education, unemployment or something else?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=952.7s	952.7	 Well, first of all, it's 1.9 trillion that we don't have, we're borrowing it. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=956.4s	956.4	 I would extend unemployment for people in those hard hit sectors haven't come back yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=961.0s	961.0	 But most of this money is going for blue state bailouts of cities are totally mismanaged. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=967.4s	967.4	 is not going to help states like California or cities like San Francisco get their house in order,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=972.6s	972.6	 because it's going to bail them out and defer that day of reckoning from their chronic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=976.2s	976.2	 mismanagement. So we're borrowing money, we don't have to bail out people, cities and states that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=981.2s	981.2	 don't really deserve it. I do think we should help the people who've been impacted but but it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=987.1s	987.1	 doesn't require 2 trillion. And look, here's the thing, we're already down to 6% unemployment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=991.5s	991.5	 we're going to be down to, I'd say probably three or 4% in two quarters, I mean, the economy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=996.3s	996.3	 coming roaring back. And the reason it's coming roaring back is because COVID is ending, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1001.0s	1001.0	 So the biggest announcement recently, and I think this is playing into what's happening in the stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1005.1s	1005.1	 market as well, is that Biden announced that every American who's over the age of 16 who wants a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1010.7s	1010.7	 vaccine will be able to get one by the end of May. By the end of May, I mean, we're going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1014.4s	1014.4	 Yeah, what happened to the fall? Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1017.4s	1017.4	 Right. Well, he was-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1018.2s	1018.2	 Cut six months off this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1019.6s	1019.6	 Yeah, when he came in office in January, he's saying the worst is not over. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1023.1s	1023.1	 that was clearly sandbagging, the worst was over. And we're going to have 300 million doses by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1028.2s	1028.2	 end of May. And the only reason why everybody won't be able to get one is because of states that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1034.6s	1034.6	 are creating these ridiculous hoops to get through.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1037.5s	1037.5	 Confiscating them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1038.8s	1038.8	 Yeah, exactly. Like California right now has 3 million doses sitting on a shelf because of all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1043.0s	1043.0	 the crazy hoops that Gavin Newsom has everyone going through because he wants to score Brownie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1048.5s	1048.5	 points on equity, right? So if the government would just get out of the way, let everyone who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1052.9s	1052.9	 wants to get a vaccine get one without worrying about making sure the exact right person in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1057.4s	1057.4	 exact right line gets one first, this thing will be over by Memorial Day, over. Now look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1062.2s	1062.2	 there'll still be a case here or there. For sure, there'll be, I'm not saying there'll be zero case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1066.6s	1066.6	 of COVID, but there'll be zero pandemic, understood as such.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1070.8s	1070.8	 By the way, I'll also say one other, you know, important point about the stimulus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1076.2s	1076.2	 one that that Sachs made. Yesterday, the CBO put out a projection. This is the budget office,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1083.4s	1083.4	 I think Congress, and they said that the US national debt is likely to reach 202% of GDP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1091.7s	1091.7	 by 2051. So the amount of debt that the US government will own is 2x the amount of all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1098.0s	1098.0	 the revenue generated by all of the industries in the US in about 30 years. That's an insane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1104.2s	1104.2	 statistic. And the reason that people look at, you know, GDP or debt to GDP is because you have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1109.4s	1109.4	 pay your debt down at some points, you owe some interest on that debt, you have to pay it down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1113.9s	1113.9	 And every year you have to generate revenue to pay the bondholders. And how do you how does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1117.9s	1117.9	 the federal government generate revenue to either issues more debt or taxes. And in order to meet a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1122.8s	1122.8	 202% level of debt relative to GDP, you end up raising taxes so significantly as a percent of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1130.2s	1130.2	 GDP to cover the the the interest payments and the principal payments every year, that you end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1135.8s	1135.8	 up stalling out the economy cutting important services, etc. And so we're in a circumstance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1141.1s	1141.1	 now where the the benefit we're going to get from taking on this additional debt relative to economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1145.8s	1145.8	 growth and stimulus doesn't actually outweigh the cost of that debt. And we're facing a fiscal crunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1153.1s	1153.1	 at some point in the next decade or two. And there is this this big question mark outstanding right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1157.8s	1157.8	 now, on a global stage, is the dollar really the safest place to be? Does everyone really want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1164.3s	1164.3	 be dollar denominated? If this is the circumstance that the US federal government is going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1168.7s	1168.7	 facing? Here's a question for your mouth that I'm curious about. If the government is buying all this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1175.3s	1175.3	 debt, shouldn't they be buying some amount of equity as well so they can profit from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1181.9s	1181.9	 government's issuing debt, Jason? No, I know. But isn't the government also going into the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1186.4s	1186.4	 and buying up corporate debt? Through all of this? Shouldn't they have profits coming from that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1191.7s	1191.7	 So there was a risk last year where, you know, corporates may not have been able to fund their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1195.8s	1195.8	 obligations. And so the government basically said, we're going to be the buyer of the last resort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1200.3s	1200.3	 and step in and effectively, what they did was they, they essentially froze the credit markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1205.4s	1205.4	 because if you were going to then bet on some of these companies not being able to raise capital,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1211.3s	1211.3	 you would have gone to the worst part of the, you know, the stack, or you would have bet actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1215.4s	1215.4	 that there was going to be the state transition. So meaning debt is very tightly scripted as,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1221.0s	1221.0	 you know, triple A plus, you know, double A, A minus. And these transitions from these tiers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1227.4s	1227.4	 of like investment grade to junk to whatever are huge events. And basically, the government said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1233.5s	1233.5	 No, everybody take your chips and go home because we are going to backstop companies like Ford or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1238.6s	1238.6	 whoever folks that were teetering. And so they effectively said, this is going to be, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1243.8s	1243.8	 until I tell you otherwise, a rigged game, I'm going to make sure I backstop these things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1248.6s	1248.6	 these companies will always be able to have money. So my question though,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1251.4s	1251.4	 Chamath is if the government is going to do that and take that risk, shouldn't they get some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1255.4s	1255.4	 warrants or some upside in the company's future success to then create a virtuous cycle here that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1261.1s	1261.1	 if they did backstop it, maybe they had warrants for 5% of the company, like you would give if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1265.5s	1265.5	 were doing a debt instrument, they could probably do it if they were a direct lender, and they had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1270.6s	1270.6	 that chance. And they didn't really do it in 2008. When they did it, I mean, maybe they could have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1274.6s	1274.6	 done it in a better way. Here, when you enter the open market, there's no such contract. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1278.5s	1278.5	 so you can't negotiate that. Look, I want to sort of talk about something slightly related to this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1283.8s	1283.8	 which is, if you actually looked at that $1.9 trillion stimulus bill, the thing that makes the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1289.3s	1289.3	 most sense, and I think nobody would complain about was saying, let's give a means based test,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1294.6s	1294.6	 where the poorest Americans get the most money, call it five or 6000. And the richest Americans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1299.8s	1299.8	 get nothing. And I think nobody would disagree with that. And if you added up all of that money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1304.8s	1304.8	 it's probably on the order of 500 or $700 billion. If you did a really expansive package,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1311.2s	1311.2	 and I think people would, I mean, all of us would raise our hands and say, we shouldn't get a fucking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1315.5s	1315.5	 dime. And other people should be getting many multiples of 1400.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1321.0s	1321.0	 Why should anybody who wasn't impacted, Sachs, get anything? Like if you were not impacted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1326.2s	1326.2	 you didn't lose your job, you're staying home, you're not spending money, why should you get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1330.5s	1330.5	 anything? Because I think that's all the money going into NFTs and making bets on GameStop and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1335.4s	1335.4	 doing all this shenanigans with Bitcoin. Of course. Look, this is Rahm Emanuel 2.0.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1341.1s	1341.1	 Remember Rahm Emanuel back in the 2008, 2009 financial crisis said never let a crisis go to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1346.4s	1346.4	 waste. This is now never let a crisis reach its end, right? They don't want it to be over because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1353.0s	1353.0	 this crisis is a justification. Yeah, this crisis is the justification for this piggy bank of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1359.5s	1359.5	 spending that this wish list that they wanted to pass for a long time. Very little of it actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1365.3s	1365.3	 has to do with helping the people who don't hurt by COVID. Very little, very little. In fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1368.1s	1368.1	 if you actually look at the breakdown of this $1.9 trillion bill, it's every typical bill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1373.0s	1373.0	 It has a better title, but ultimately it's a bunch of pork barrels. By the way, there's a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1377.3s	1377.3	 insanity in there like COVID testing. I mean, guess what? We don't need to test anyone for COVID in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1381.6s	1381.6	 about 30 to 60 days. Yeah, you can throw those tests away. We needed them six months ago. There's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1383.6s	1383.6	 a couple billion dollars we could save, and the list goes on. But I think the point is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1389.0s	1389.0	 what Sachs is making is totally true. We're continuing to latch on to the COVID pandemic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1394.6s	1394.6	 crisis as a means to an end, and we're not really solving any problems that are outstanding. As the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1400.2s	1400.2	 COVID pandemic and the risks ... Remember, let's just go back a year. If you guys remember, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1405.0s	1405.0	 reason we shut down the economy was to flatten the curve. There was no assumption we were going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1409.0s	1409.0	 end COVID. The idea was let's make sure that the healthcare system doesn't get overwhelmed with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1413.7s	1413.7	 people dying, where we can't handle as many people in ICU beds. Now we're in a situation where we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1418.8s	1418.8	 saying you still can't go outside. ICU beds are largely open. You still have to do X and Y and Z.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1424.1s	1424.1	 We still need to be testing everyone. All of those risks and considerations should be coming off the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1428.6s	1428.6	 table as more people have had COVID and more people have gotten vaccinated. Instead, we're using the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1434.2s	1434.2	 fear that's been embedded in us over the past year as a mechanism to drive spending in a way that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1440.0s	1440.0	 clearly economically unsustainable, ultimately counterproductive, and unfortunately is being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1446.6s	1446.6	 used as a mechanism for keeping folks in office and paying back their friends and all this other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1451.2s	1451.2	 sort of nonsense that's going on. Freeburg, you had a breakdown of ... By the way, because it's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1455.4s	1455.4	 just the federal stimulus bill, the California breakdown of what they spent. Insane. Do you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1461.9s	1461.9	 that? Yeah. Can you fill it out? What I'm going to do is I'm going to send the link because it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1466.2s	1466.2	 through a FOIA request. They were forced to list it. California had an emergency declaration.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1470.9s	1470.9	 Joke. A total fucking joke. How much money there is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1472.8s	1472.8	 Through that emergency declaration, it gave the governor the power and the ability to enter into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1477.1s	1477.1	 no-bid contracts to meet the demands of the quote unquote emergency. The contracts that were entered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1483.1s	1483.1	 into are all publicly listed and available in a link that I will share with you guys and it'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1487.6s	1487.6	 be available online. I don't think a reporter has done what needs to be done, which is to go through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1493.4s	1493.4	 those contracts and identify how much money was spent on what and why that money was spent and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1499.4s	1499.4	 who ended up benefiting from it. Some of these contracts, including, for example, $1.9 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1505.3s	1505.3	 to Perkin-Elmer to provide nasal swabs and other reactive chemistry needed to run COVID tests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1511.9s	1511.9	 with an overflow capacity of their lab of 4,000 tests a day, which by the way, costs a few thousand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1517.4s	1517.4	 dollars. For $1.9 billion, and ultimately, California didn't really do any of the testing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1522.7s	1522.7	 it was done by private labs. Where did that $1.9 billion go? There was another amount of money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1527.6s	1527.6	 There was $100 million spent on Accenture to build the vaccination website. No-bid contract.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1532.8s	1532.8	 $100 million for a freaking three-page website. What? Didn't the guy build that website in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1535.2s	1535.2	 weekend? The carbon health guy did. There was another separately for his own vaccination program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1541.0s	1541.0	 that he was running, which obviously highlights just how inept this whole process is. There was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1545.0s	1545.0	 another incredible multi-hundred million dollar contract entered into for a guy. And then I looked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1551.1s	1551.1	 up his address on Google Maps and I looked at his home and his office. It's in a strip mall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1554.9s	1554.9	 next to a donut shop. And this guy is the guy, he's technically a doctor, but not really a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1559.2s	1559.2	 practicing doctor, who got paid hundreds of millions of dollars to source overflow hospital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1564.6s	1564.6	 and doctor capacity for prisons in California. What? Insane, the shit that's in there. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1572.0s	1572.0	 the total mismanagement of capital and obviously inability to manage through a crisis. Why the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1578.3s	1578.3	 fuck? Yeah. By the way, I think the federal COVID stimulus looks very similar in terms of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1585.0s	1585.0	 pork and other nonsense that's going on in there. Hey, mainstream media, instead of fucking grinding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1589.9s	1589.9	 me about a couple hundred million dollars of share sales so that I can allocate it to fucking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1595.0s	1595.0	 climate change, why don't you do your goddamn job and fucking tell this story? Yeah, no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1599.0s	1599.0	 because this would take work and you don't get virtue signaling points. What a joke. I'll post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1603.0s	1603.0	 the link now. David, I need more red pills. What a joke. Get me those red pills from Miami.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1608.2s	1608.2	 There's one article, you're right, Jamoth, there's so many scandals. By the way, there was one just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1613.5s	1613.5	 reported in the San Francisco Chronicle about how the city of San Francisco paid $16 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1620.9s	1620.9	 to pay for something like 260 tents or something like that. Tents. Tents. Tents. For homeless people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1626.3s	1626.3	 It was $61,000. By the way, that's the entire budget of Burning Man. You just described.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1630.0s	1630.0	 It was $61,000 per tent. You can build an ADU for that. Guys, I have an entire gaggle of reporters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1635.8s	1635.8	 sweating every single fucking share that I buy or sell and these people. No, I don't. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1642.9s	1642.9	 fucking stupid. There's trillions of dollars of swashing around. Are we some third world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1650.1s	1650.1	 fucking banana republic? Kind of. Go ahead, San Francisco is, that's for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1654.2s	1654.2	 All of this money was dished out according to no bid contracts. So basically, there was not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1661.4s	1661.4	 competitive bidding process because it was a COVID emergency. So yeah, look, all of Newsom's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1667.4s	1667.4	 big backers in the healthcare industry got these giant no bid contracts. The homeless industrial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1672.6s	1672.6	 complex service providers in San Francisco got these giant contracts. None of it was bid out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1678.2s	1678.2	 The politicians would love to be able to keep this going because they've never had more power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1682.3s	1682.3	 They've never had more degrees of freedom to reward their political supporters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1686.4s	1686.4	 I think there was one really good article I just want to bring up here that was by Jonathan Chait.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1692.6s	1692.6	 This is the intelligence here in the New Yorker. The New York Magazine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1697.4s	1697.4	 NY Magazine. Yeah, his article is called Zero COVID Risk is the Wrong Standard. He defines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1703.9s	1703.9	 a term called zeroism. What Chait writes is he describes zeroism as the following. He says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1710.1s	1710.1	 Zeroism is an inability to conceive of public health measures in cost benefit terms. The pandemic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1715.9s	1715.9	 becomes an enemy that must be destroyed at all costs and any compromise could lead to death and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1722.4s	1722.4	 is therefore unacceptable. So in other words, if like one person might die, then we need to continue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1727.8s	1727.8	 all these emergency measures. And this is the thing is that look, COVID as a pandemic is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1734.3s	1734.3	 to be over by June. Okay. But there will always be cases of COVID. It's going to return as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1739.8s	1739.8	 seasonal illness. And the question is, are we going to allow zeroism to be the policy every year? We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1745.8s	1745.8	 basically give these politicians unlimited power to do lockdowns, shutdowns, no bid contracts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1751.8s	1751.8	 and on and on and on. You already see with the teachers unions, right? The education unions are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1757.0s	1757.0	 refusing to go back to work even after their members are vaccinated. Yeah. Saying that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1762.2s	1762.2	 must be 14 days of no meaning zero community spread before they can safely return. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1768.3s	1768.3	 teachers unions or the education users saying is we're not going to go back to work. We want paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1771.9s	1771.9	 vacation until there's zero cases. This is not realistic. I mean, I, I, um, I went to get, uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1780.8s	1780.8	 my daughter's passport updated at USPS. They're working while I was driving there. I saw all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1787.6s	1787.6	 kinds of infrastructure. It was happening. We pay into a system that's supposed to guarantee in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1795.4s	1795.4	 return some level of commitment by individuals that buy into that same system. Teachers are part
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1801.6s	1801.6	 of that. You can't, you can't have a get out of jail free card whenever you want to just say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1806.8s	1806.8	 no, we're going to change the rules. And it, but it applies to everybody else. The firefighters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1811.0s	1811.0	 have to show up. The cops have to show up. The ambulance people have to show up. The nurses show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1815.6s	1815.6	 up. You know, the drivers, Bart, train conductors, everybody's going to work, but these people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1822.5s	1822.5	 the teachers should, uh, parents should take their kids out of school. That's what they should do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1827.8s	1827.8	 And then do what Jason, how, how, how are most people basically, well, if you've got parents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1834.6s	1834.6	 no, no, but if you've got five or six parents together and they don't have time for that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1837.7s	1837.7	 Jason, what are you talking about? This is my sentence. Five or six parents get together. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1842.7s	1842.7	 if they had, if they had, um, what do you call it when you give parents a little bit of money for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1847.4s	1847.4	 school voucher voucher systems, the voucher system would then create the competition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1853.8s	1853.8	 If six or seven families could get five, 10 K each, and then run their own little bubble school,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1858.3s	1858.3	 their micro school, this could actually put pressure. That's not going to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1861.9s	1861.9	 Well, it's not going to, it's not going to happen, but you actually have a pretty good point. What,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1864.5s	1864.5	 what Newsome should do is he should go to these unions and say, listen, if you're not going to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1868.6s	1868.6	 back and you're not going to teach, no problem. We're going to take the money that we give to your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1872.3s	1872.3	 schools and give them out as vouchers and let the parents do what they want. In other words,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1875.6s	1875.6	 we're going to bring you union. That is what he needs to do. The problem with Newsome,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1879.9s	1879.9	 Newsome, the problem with Newsome is that his biggest contributor, the single biggest contributor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1884.9s	1884.9	 is the education union. Right. And so look, he has publicly said that yes, I'm in favor of schools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1890.6s	1890.6	 reopening, but it's not enough for you to espouse the opinion that schools should go back. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1896.3s	1896.3	 you're the governor. You need to go make that happen. You need to go tell the teachers unions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1900.5s	1900.5	 you must go back right now because there is no incremental COVID risk to the teachers. They've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1905.8s	1905.8	 seen this now that states which have open schools have not seen an increase in COVID. There is no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1910.6s	1910.6	 science to support this. He needs to tell them, go back right now, or we're going to break your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1914.7s	1914.7	 union. He will not do that because he's an employee of those unions. And by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1918.7s	1918.7	 I have an update. I have an update on the, on the recall, if you guys want it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1922.4s	1922.4	 No way. Let's get to it in one second. Cause I do want to, I do want to just say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1926.6s	1926.6	 well, first off, I want to make an observation that we are turning into the rational Rush Limbaugh.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1931.0s	1931.0	 We're all kind of yelling violent agreements, but it's kind of a little bit silly. But I am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1938.6s	1938.6	 just observing the tone here a little bit. I will say like, if you guys remember, we talked about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1944.2s	1944.2	 this like last year, which is, you know, what will life be like post COVID post the pandemic. And if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1949.0s	1949.0	 you guys remember, I said this and I still firmly believe in, I think we're now seeing it play out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1953.5s	1953.5	 which is that the fear that gets created by the actual crisis will persist in terms of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1959.7s	1959.7	 subconscious behavior of the population for a long period of time. That's what happened after 9 11.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1965.0s	1965.0	 You know, the insanity that went on with the TSA and security checking and racism against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1969.8s	1969.8	 Brown people and everything that arose post 9 11 persisted for a very long time as a result of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1975.5s	1975.5	 shock that we all experienced. And I don't think people were very cognizant of it occurring. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1979.3s	1979.3	 was just like, oh, well, this is now the normal way of life. Everyone is so fearful of catching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1983.7s	1983.7	 COVID. And they've been so kind of trained and told that they're going to die from COVID that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1987.1s	1987.1	 we're finding ourselves in a circumstance where anything can then be rationalized. And those folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1992.4s	1992.4	 that then have power and the ability can magnify the circumstances into something that it seems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=1998.4s	1998.4	 kind of shocking and absurd if you put on kind of a rational hat. But this is just one manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2002.8s	2002.8	 of what I think will be the case. We were we all know people that have been vaccinated that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2008.8s	2008.8	 more than two weeks since their second shot of vaccination, who are still scared of doing things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2013.4s	2013.4	 like being around other people or going into grocery stores, because quote unquote, there may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2017.5s	2017.5	 be a chance that there may be a variant that may not work on the vaccine that I may get that may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2021.5s	2021.5	 end up killing me. And if you actually do the math on it, you think about it rationally, you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2025.8s	2025.8	 going to get COVID and you're not going to die. But there's a chance, therefore, I'm going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2030.0s	2030.0	 change my behavior. And that's part of what I think we're seeing manifest at a very large scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2034.2s	2034.2	 is this like trained fear mind that we all have at this point, and policy and everything. And by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2039.4s	2039.4	 the way, the $1.9 trillion stimulus is in part kind of empowered by this fear that we all have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2045.0s	2045.0	 Well, I disagree slightly. So look, is there going to be some PTSD from COVID? Yeah, I'm sure there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2051.3s	2051.3	 will be. But I think people are ready to get out and with a vengeance. And I think people want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2059.2s	2059.2	 and the problem is not that people are afraid, but that the people doing the health establishment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2066.0s	2066.0	 doing the messaging is not out there telling us the right things. I mean, you've got Fauci out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2070.7s	2070.7	 there telling people that even after they're vaccinated, they cannot take off their masks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2074.9s	2074.9	 until 2022, that they're not going to be able to die. No, seriously, they're not going to be able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2079.2s	2079.2	 to dine indoors. They can't go to a movie, a concert or sporting event. And they can't socialize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2084.7s	2084.7	 indoors except with other also vaccinated people. This is what Fauci is saying. I mean, so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2090.2s	2090.2	 no wonder you've got so many people out there saying that they're going to wait and see whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2093.9s	2093.9	 the vaccine works or not. Well, because effectively, Fauci and the health establishment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2098.3s	2098.3	 they're being so cautious in their guidance, they're effectively giving anti vax messaging,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2103.3s	2103.3	 they're basically saying that the vaccines don't work very well, which is just stupid. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2107.3s	2107.3	 when they all be going out saying nobody has died, who has been gotten a shot. Nobody has gone to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2112.9s	2112.9	 the ICU who's gotten vaccinated. Nobody's been on a ventilator who's been vaccinated. Am I correct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2118.1s	2118.1	 with those three statements? Yes, yes. They need to say if you know, no ICU, no ventilator,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2124.1s	2124.1	 if you have the shot, what we need to be saying is very simple, which is if you've been vaccinated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2128.9s	2128.9	 you will not die. If you've been vaccinated, you will not die. Put that on a billboard and everyone's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2133.6s	2133.6	 going to want to get vaccinated. You know, only 55% of the population right now says that they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2139.1s	2139.1	 going to get vaccinated as soon as they can. I'm ordering a billboard right now from the besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2144.2s	2144.2	 I think that just says if you're vaccinated, you will die the besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2147.7s	2147.7	 I think it's pretty reasonable that individuals would still be afraid, you know, because I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2152.3s	2152.3	 we learned over the last year that we can't trust the institutions that are supposed to tell us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2158.1s	2158.1	 in an objective way, meaning you can't trust the WHO, you can't trust NIH, you can't trust the CDC,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2163.4s	2163.4	 you can't necessarily trust the Surgeon General, you couldn't trust the president.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2167.4s	2167.4	 Very complicated, right? So, I think it's reasonable that people are skeptical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2171.7s	2171.7	 What I think is unreasonable is when, you know, sort of like organized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2177.4s	2177.4	 unions or organizations or corporations who have a responsibility to run the infrastructure of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2182.7s	2182.7	 country, basically say, all these rules apply to everybody else but me. That's where I think we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2190.6s	2190.6	 have to really just kind of question ourselves and fix that. That's not cool. It's just fundamentally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2195.6s	2195.6	 not reasonable. So we have Biden saying that everyone who wants a vaccine will be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2200.6s	2200.6	 get one by the end of May, we have Gavin Newsom saying that most of the state but not all of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2205.7s	2205.7	 will reopen in August. Well, wait a second, you know, May, June, July, August, why is there like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2211.4s	2211.4	 a three month gap here? It's because of the zeroism. I mean, I think Newsom has embraced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2217.2s	2217.2	 the zeroism. If not zeroism, what's the number we have 8000 people die a day in America,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2223.0s	2223.0	 on average, historically, if it's under 500 deaths a day, should we be going back?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2228.1s	2228.1	 That's not even the question. That's not even the question. Once everyone can get a vaccine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2231.5s	2231.5	 it's over. If you choose not to get the vaccine, like sorry, it's on you. We're moving on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2237.9s	2237.9	 I agree. I agree. We're not asking questions. By the way, the equivalent of zeroism would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2242.6s	2242.6	 no one's allowed to drive a car because people die in cars all the time. Cars have to be 35 miles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2247.7s	2247.7	 an hour. Or they or you or yeah, or no one's allowed to drink alcohol because alcohol has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2251.7s	2251.7	 some adverse effect or increase the chance of cancer or whatever, whatever. At some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2255.8s	2255.8	 like do you end up you just triggered chamath? No, sorry, no wine. Nice Bordeaux and Burgundy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2260.8s	2260.8	 doesn't give you cancer. No, but the wine budget posts back. I mean, it's gonna take a lot of it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2267.4s	2267.4	 gonna take a lot of more billions before I stopped drinking my wine. Question, I want to throw this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2272.4s	2272.4	 into the scrum. What do you guys think about? By the way, I mean, also we're all just so punchy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2278.2s	2278.2	 because we didn't talk last week. So we're all so agitated. None of us have gotten to talk. All of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2283.8s	2283.8	 our wives have been telling us what to do. We had nobody to vent with and now we're just going crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2288.6s	2288.6	 It's like a bunch of 12 year old boys who are on timeout. It's like we've been in a two week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2293.4s	2293.4	 timeout. We need to get our bikes and go for a bike ride. No, no, no guys, honestly, honestly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2296.6s	2296.6	 like have you guys, like I have not gotten a word in edgewise with Matt for two weeks and I was so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2301.3s	2301.3	 looking forward to talking to you guys. I want to talk. No, but listen, what do you guys think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2308.0s	2308.0	 about the the the biological Patriot Act thing? You know, there's these vaccination passports that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2313.3s	2313.3	 people are talking about. I just want to get a sense of where you guys think this is going and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2318.2s	2318.2	 this is the slippery slope that I think ends all slippery slopes with respect to privacy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2322.1s	2322.1	 right? So I think it was proposed in the EU that you would need to get a, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2326.9s	2326.9	 a digitally verified kind of passport stamp that shows that you have been vaccinated in order to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2331.5s	2331.5	 travel freely amongst other EU nations. And so if you think about the implications of this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2337.3s	2337.3	 now the government or governments have the ability to demand that in order for you to move around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2343.1s	2343.1	 freely, you need to represent something digitally or represent something about some health care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2347.5s	2347.5	 procedure that you may or may not want to kind of, you know, take on. So that sound everyone kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2352.5s	2352.5	 of nods their head and says that seems totally reasonable and rational. It's COVID. We're all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2355.6s	2355.6	 at risk. We should protect ourselves. I want to yada yada. But where does this go next? Right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2359.4s	2359.4	 Because then it becomes, well, have you had your measles vaccine? Or, you know, hey, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2363.7s	2363.7	 do you have herpes and therefore you can't you have to show someone your herpes passport if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2367.3s	2367.3	 want to have sex with them or, you know, end up kind of going to a point where we really don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2372.4s	2372.4	 have a barrier between what's private and what's nationalized or even super nationalized in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2378.2s	2378.2	 context of the EU. And, you know, is there kind of a slippery slope that emerges by allowing this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2383.5s	2383.5	 amount of invasiveness of personal decision making and personal data and making it available to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2388.5s	2388.5	 government agencies in order to have access to the liberties that you, you know, believe may be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2392.6s	2392.6	 endowed to you as an individual citizen of the world? Or what do you do? What do we do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2398.4s	2398.4	 Well, I just think proposals like this are, I think they're going to fade away very quickly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2403.5s	2403.5	 once COVID is over. And the real issue we have right now is that not enough of the population
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2409.3s	2409.3	 wants to get vaccinated because, again, the health authorities are being much too conservative in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2414.2s	2414.2	 their guidance. So, you know, there's some polling numbers on this that so only 15% of the public are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2419.4s	2419.4	 actually opposed to getting the vaccine. Like you kind of call them anti-vax, but there's another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2424.4s	2424.4	 20 to 30% that are taking this wait and see approach. And, you know, they're going to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2429.0s	2429.0	 sure that like other people go first and don't sprout tails or antlers or something before,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2434.4s	2434.4	 you know, they're going to be willing to get it. But the reason why they're all waiting and seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2438.3s	2438.3	 is because you've got, you know, Fauci and others saying that we're not going to have normalcy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2442.9s	2442.9	 until Christmas or maybe even 2022. So if that's the case, if things aren't going to be normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2449.4s	2449.4	 till next year, why wouldn't you wait? You know, and I think what we need to be saying is, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2454.3s	2454.3	 go get the vaccine where everyone who wants this can be able to get it in the next two months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2457.9s	2457.9	 And COVID is over. It's over, guys. But, Sax, if there is a digital passport
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2463.4s	2463.4	 requirement in the EU, where do you think that goes? Like if you have to show proof of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2467.6s	2467.6	 vaccination in order to enter the EU without quarantine, where do you want to go?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2470.6s	2470.6	 Yeah, it's not a great precedent. But I don't know that it's going to be necessary because I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2476.4s	2476.4	 just think that COVID is going to end so quickly. I like Sax's point of view, which is if you decide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2483.2s	2483.2	 you're not going to do this, then you've put yourself at risk. But if nobody else can die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2487.0s	2487.0	 from it, why do we need to check it? I understand like maybe in this bridge period, spring to summer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2492.5s	2492.5	 if you go to a Warriors game or a Knicks game, where you want to go to Burning Man or the EDC,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2498.0s	2498.0	 you know, electronic daisy carnival, whatever, Freeberg goes to, you know, when he goes to his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2503.8s	2503.8	 raves. I mean, Freeberg got a rave is kind of the video we need to see, I think. But why would that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2510.2s	2510.2	 fine with me in the short term, but in the long term, I don't want to give them that power. Look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2513.8s	2513.8	 what happened with the Patriot Act, and then them monitoring our data forever. And the government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2519.1s	2519.1	 being able to put, you know, what Snowden found out, like they were able to put on the AT&T
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2524.5s	2524.5	 backbone, the ability to sniff all data. I mean, it's overreaching.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2529.0s	2529.0	 Last January, or February, I think Jason, it was one of our first pods where I kind of put this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2535.4s	2535.4	 marker out there on this biological Patriot Act and I said it's coming. I'm going to put another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2540.6s	2540.6	 marker out there. By the way, because like, you know, there may be something like this in New York,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2546.0s	2546.0	 I think most cities will have to have them. I think places, Jason, exactly as you say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2550.0s	2550.0	 for sporting events, for concerts, it'll be very hard as a number of strains increase as the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2557.7s	2557.7	 severity ebbs and flows over time for us to not end up in this place. And I think it will be because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2564.6s	2564.6	 certain people will feel a paternalistic desire to sort of, you know, it'll come from a good place,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2571.1s	2571.1	 like I want to help everybody, but they'll pass a law and that law will just get perturbed and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2575.1s	2575.1	 it'll create all kinds of crazy consequences. But I want to put another chit out there, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2580.1s	2580.1	 you know, there was a really important civil rights case called Masterpiece Cake Shop versus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2584.5s	2584.5	 Colorado Civil Rights Commission. He went to the Supreme Court and it was basically a guy who owned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2593.2s	2593.2	 a bakery and he refused, I think it was, to make a cake for a same-sex couple.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2599.8s	2599.8	 And ultimately, you know, the decision was, yeah, he's allowed. The Supreme Court gave a very narrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2604.3s	2604.3	 ruling that he was allowed to withhold service. And I asked this question, which is, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2609.8s	2609.8	 what is the difference, frankly, between withholding service from a same-sex couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2614.9s	2614.9	 or withholding service from somebody that isn't vaccinated? Because, you know, in the eyes of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2620.9s	2620.9	 business person, you know, assuming apparently you're allowed to make these kinds of judgments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2627.5s	2627.5	 because you're a private business, the implications, I think, are really vast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2631.9s	2631.9	 And so, I'm just going to put it out there that I think that it's actually, David, I'll take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2637.0s	2637.0	 other side. So, I think that there's going to be these biological patriot acts, unfortunately.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2642.3s	2642.3	 And then the second thing that I'll say is that I do think that it will get litigated to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2645.8s	2645.8	 Supreme Court. And I think that narrowly, what will come down is that businesses will be able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2651.9s	2651.9	 to decide. And I think this is actually what will put the vaccination or anti-vaccination movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2658.0s	2658.0	 to the forefront because I think in this complex global world where we don't know where diseases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2665.2s	2665.2	 come from, except we know that they are more communicable, they can be more deadly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2670.2s	2670.2	 and they're more pervasive, and they spread faster just because of the nature in which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2673.4s	2673.4	 the world is set up. There's probably going to be less and less tolerance for anti-vaccination.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2679.1s	2679.1	 Now, that may slow down the actual process of getting vaccines to market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2684.5s	2684.5	 because we'll want to make it even safer if we're going to do forced vaccinations of certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2688.0s	2688.0	 things. But I'm just going to put a put a chain out there that I think that that's coming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2691.4s	2691.4	 Well, I don't know that we need to force people to get vaccinated, but I think that we need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2695.3s	2695.3	 recognize that once people have the option of getting vaccinated, there's no need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2700.2s	2700.2	 have the same public policy response, right? So, look, if Biden's correct that we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2705.6s	2705.6	 to have 300 million doses by end of May, and I think he must be correct because he's been very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2709.8s	2709.8	 conservative in his guidance, then we should declare a date certain for the end of COVID.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2715.4s	2715.4	 I'm not saying that the virus won't exist. I'm not saying there won't be a smattering of cases.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2720.0s	2720.0	 I'm saying from a public policy perspective, there's no longer a panic, a raging pandemic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2725.4s	2725.4	 to justify these incredible new powers that the government has asserted, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2729.6s	2729.6	 I mean, what would you do that based on the number of shots in arms or the number of deaths per day?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2733.2s	2733.2	 No, it's look, once everyone can get the vaccine, and then I think that will be by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2737.8s	2737.8	 the end of the day. Availability. So, I mean, look, what we should say, and it will be available
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2742.2s	2742.2	 as long as, you know, governors like Newsom get out of the way and stop restricting the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2746.2s	2746.2	 administration of it. But I think we need to declare a date certain where we say, listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2750.8s	2750.8	 on June 1st, there is no more justification for government having these extraordinary powers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2756.6s	2756.6	 to lock us down, to require us, I don't think we even need to wear masks beyond June 1st.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2761.4s	2761.4	 And by the way, I was pro-mask, I was in favor of a mask mandate a year ago, as you guys know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2766.2s	2766.2	 but there's no need for it after June 1st. There's no need to have these crazy, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2771.2s	2771.2	 no big contracts. Certainly not if you're vaccinated, right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2772.0s	2772.0	 Friedberg? Like, I mean, you wouldn't- It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. I just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2777.2s	2777.2	 you know, I think it's a good point that Saks is making. It's easy for people to say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2782.4s	2782.4	 let's wear a mask and protect ourselves, but if you don't care about wearing a mask,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2787.2s	2787.2	 but there are plenty of people who do. And I think the question is, at what point do we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2790.5s	2790.5	 allow Liberty to kind of play a role here? And it's not just about, you know, one person's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2795.9s	2795.9	 point of view, which by the way, turned out to be wrong multiple times over the last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2800.2s	2800.2	 is in terms of what they think that other people should do. And, you know, what does it mean to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2804.9s	2804.9	 actually have freedom of choice and liberty? I mean, it's a really fundamental question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2810.4s	2810.4	 Yeah. Well, I mean, if you look at states, that is a key. We have Texas has opened up and said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2815.7s	2815.7	 no mask mandate. One of the things that hurt us in this was we didn't have a centralized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2820.7s	2820.7	 government dictating everything. And now we see like, hey, maybe having states-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2825.2s	2825.2	 By the way, by the way, I don't know if that's necessarily true. I'll say something about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2828.7s	2828.7	 that I think is important. It may be true that masks stop community spread of the virus,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2833.2s	2833.2	 but it doesn't necessarily mean that we stop the spread of the virus. The virus still spread. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2837.8s	2837.8	 still had a lot of viral cases in the United States. We had a lot of deaths that arose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2841.8s	2841.8	 and whatever restrictions we put in place, people still made the choice to go into other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2845.4s	2845.4	 people's homes, take their mask off, enjoy free air, enjoy drinks and give each other the virus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2850.2s	2850.2	 And that's where so much of the spread occurred. I think you guys are not confronting this really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2855.8s	2855.8	 obvious thing. I think like this masterpiece cake shop thing is a really important concept.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2860.5s	2860.5	 Like what happens? I'm just going to use an extreme example. If it goes to the Supreme Court,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2864.4s	2864.4	 you mean? No, let's just say that, you know, Google's engineers unionize and they decide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2869.6s	2869.6	 that, you know, they want everybody else at Google to be vaccinated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2874.9s	2874.9	 And then Google says, yeah, you're right. If you want to work at Google, you need to be vaccinated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2879.0s	2879.0	 not just private company, private company, not just for COVID. It's a private company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2882.9s	2882.9	 By the way, that is a rule at schools, right? I mean, I think my preschool or my kid goes here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2887.5s	2887.5	 in San Francisco requires that's proof of vaccination for the kids in order for them to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2890.9s	2890.9	 travel. Link seems to be different and see traveling in some places is on wait, just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2895.8s	2895.8	 infrastructure, some on private infrastructure. I know, but just, just, just, just focus on this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2899.2s	2899.2	 issue. What happens if private organizations pass a decision that you have to be vaccinated?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2905.7s	2905.7	 It'll go to the Supreme Court. And if you look at masterpiece, they, they'll win. They will be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2910.7s	2910.7	 they will, they will come out with the right to say that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2913.8s	2913.8	 Which is fine. You can go work somewhere else. Why is that a problem? Exactly. Yeah. I'm just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2918.5s	2918.5	 curious. I'm just curious how this plays out. If only half the population of America,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2922.4s	2922.4	 well, maybe they'll lose good engineers and the free market will resolve itself. Or Google end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2926.2s	2926.2	 up saying, you know what, we're not going to pass this mandate because all the good engineers are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2929.2s	2929.2	 going to leave. So let's just leave it, you know, leave it be. I'm, I'm, I'm more worried about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2934.7s	2934.7	 politicians, the government, the government trying to hold onto the power that it's asserted over us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2940.9s	2940.9	 over the past year, even after COVID. So that's my concern. I don't want them having a database
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2945.8s	2945.8	 of my medical records. No, right. So this is why I look, I think we need to declare a date,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2951.3s	2951.3	 certain that COVID as a pandemic is over. My date is Memorial day. It's very clear to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2956.2s	2956.2	 that once everyone has the vaccine, it's over. Just make it when you can walk up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2960.3s	2960.3	 This is when, yeah, this is what, so I actually think that the Newsom recall, which will be in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2965.8s	2965.8	 will be going on this summer. This is what that election is going to turn into in my opinion is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2971.1s	2971.1	 So, so by the way, quick, can I give a quick update on? Yes, please. Okay. So I talked to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2976.2s	2976.2	 recall people this morning. They're up to 1.9, five million signatures. He's done. So 50,000 votes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2984.5s	2984.5	 short of 2 million. They will be at or over 2 million in two weeks, which is the end of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2990.2s	2990.2	 signature period. Their validation rate is about 84%. So I think this is clearly going to pass.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=2996.9s	2996.9	 There will be a recall election. It will be around August. Now fast forward. Newsom has said the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3002.8s	3002.8	 state won't reopen until August, but I think that by May, June, July, you will see just about every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3008.8s	3008.8	 other state reopen. Obviously, Texas is already completely reopened, but even blue states like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3013.4s	3013.4	 Connecticut have now lifted lockdowns. They still have a mass mandate for the time being, but I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3018.6s	3018.6	 think what you could see by this summer is that California will look like a laggard. You'll see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3023.0s	3023.0	 that politicians like Newsom are holding onto the zeroest philosophy. They're being too restrictive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3029.3s	3029.3	 They look ridiculous compared to other states, and he still probably won't have an agreement with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3033.6s	3033.6	 the teachers unions to go back to school. And I think this could become the big issue in the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3039.2s	3039.2	 in the, you want to make an announcement, Sax? You want to make an announcement now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3043.4s	3043.4	 We have a special announcement. You know, Tomoth might be taking a hiatus from work, given where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3049.7s	3049.7	 the markets are. I thought, I thought this governor thing would be value destructive. It looks like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3054.5s	3054.5	 actually, I would have saved money. I don't mean to be cynical, but if you lock everybody down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3071.8s	3071.8	 in your state, Sax, they can't collect signatures at the supermarket or at restaurants or Disneyland.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3078.4s	3078.4	 So maybe, maybe Newsom shut everything down so that you couldn't collect cigs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3083.0s	3083.0	 Well, it's interesting because they actually found that direct mail was a very effective way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3087.0s	3087.0	 of getting signatures. So they've gotten around that. But, but remember, Newsom is cutting the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3091.6s	3091.6	 budget of the US Postal Service. No, look, Newsom is definitely, there's going to be a recall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3096.5s	3096.5	 election. I think it'll be around August. And now there's a recall efforts underway for Chase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3101.6s	3101.6	 Aboudin, the killer DA, the killer DA of San Francisco, as well as Gasco in LA and the San
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3108.5s	3108.5	 Francisco school board. But we've got to talk. Yeah, we got to talk about how Budin responded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3113.0s	3113.0	 to our last pod, right? Oh, my Lord. David, I have three comments to say before we talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3120.6s	3120.6	 Budin. Number one, I've never seen you more energetic. Did you get, did you download a fourth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3129.4s	3129.4	 emotion? Did you download a fourth emotion? He's in Palm Beach. He's been at the massage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3132.9s	3132.9	 parlor every morning. Oh, it's feeling energized. You're right. It's like a buildup over the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3137.0s	3137.0	 two weeks. It's like a, you know, yeah, big release too much, too much energy. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3142.4s	3142.4	 how, how little have you spoken in the last two weeks? Has Jacqueline spoken the entire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3147.5s	3147.5	 I know what that feels like. You're right. I need, I need the bestie therapy. I didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3152.2s	3152.2	 realize I needed this. Absolutely bestie therapy. So does the audience. Jake, Al Freberg, you guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3157.3s	3157.3	 you don't know this, but Saxie and I called each other on Friday and we spoke for half an hour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3162.0s	3162.0	 And like, it was a podcast. We were so lonely. He did. He actually conference called all four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3171.7s	3171.7	 of us. I picked up and we spoke for half an hour. It felt like a mini pod. It was so wonderful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3176.3s	3176.3	 Oh my God. You know what men are too proud to, uh, men are too proud to go to therapy. So they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3181.6s	3181.6	 start podcasts. I was telling a friend of mine, I was telling, I was telling a friend, like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3185.0s	3185.0	 podcast was kind of one of the surprising joys of my life over the last year. It really felt like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3189.4s	3189.4	 a great kind of joy. Oh, I did. I'm going to joy. Yeah. I acknowledge joy now. Okay. He's there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3197.0s	3197.0	 but it's smiling. Wow. It's incredible. Okay. Sax go tell us about booty. Yeah. So, uh, yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3202.0s	3202.0	 let me find the tweet. So basically, you know, remember in the last pod two weeks ago, we,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3206.9s	3206.9	 Chase was supposed to be on our pod. He canceled. And so then in response to that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3211.8s	3211.8	 Jason, hold the chicken noises for a couple of minutes here. Hold on. So I responded to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3216.6s	3216.6	 Chase as saying, listen, you don't have to come on our pod, but I'll challenge you to debate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3220.2s	3220.2	 Let's do a debate, whatever format you want. And we posted it on, on Twitter. So he didn't respond,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3226.2s	3226.2	 but by the way, it got like 180,000 views. So a lot of people watched the challenge. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3231.2s	3231.2	 but the crazy thing is instead of responding directly, Chase, I had a high school friend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3236.6s	3236.6	 and campaign worker post a blog responding to me, which, and Jason got mentioned too,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3242.7s	3242.7	 but it was crazy. It was like, why won't you just respond directly? Anyway, he had this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3247.3s	3247.3	 this, uh, shill respond. And what he basically said was, uh, in this response was he cited all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3254.4s	3254.4	 these charging statistics. And he tried to claim that Chesa has charged just as many cases as the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3260.5s	3260.5	 previous DA. The problem with that is charging doesn't really mean anything because you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3265.2s	3265.2	 charge someone and then plead the charges down from a felony to a misdemeanor. It doesn't mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3269.4s	3269.4	 that the person was actually punished. It doesn't mean that you locked anybody up. It doesn't mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3273.7s	3273.7	 that you actually got a conviction to a serious crime or protected the public from anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3278.0s	3278.0	 The real question is not charging, but dispositions of cases. And that's the real, that's the data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3285.3s	3285.3	 that we need. And I know there's a bunch of reporters who are trying to get that data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3290.0s	3290.0	 and Chase's office won't give it to them. And so, you know, I would, I would challenge this, um,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3296.3s	3296.3	 this little, uh, Chesa volunteer, you know, go find out, you know, what, what is the real data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3303.1s	3303.1	 on, you know, how many felony charges have been pleaded down to misdemeanors, right? How many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3308.3s	3308.3	 felonies have actually been prosecuted? How many felony convictions has Chesa secured?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3313.1s	3313.1	 It's interesting you bring this up. If you do a search for GoFundMe Chesa Buden, the number one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3317.5s	3317.5	 result should be the, the, um, the GoFundMe page I started, it now has 455 donors and $54,000 in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3328.6s	3328.6	 funding. And so I am withdrawing the $54,000. And I have a meeting with the woman from the Marina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3336.3s	3336.3	 Times, who's done great coverage of this. And I'm also looking for some data scientists. And I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3342.5s	3342.5	 going to give the money minus some insurance for when Chesa sues me and some errors in emissions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3349.0s	3349.0	 insurance. And I'm going to be giving the $50,000 to a journalist or a data scientist, or they can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3353.8s	3353.8	 spend it however they want to, to attack this very issue, which is just put more sunlight on it. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3358.9s	3358.9	 so Chesa Buden is not happy with me. He's not happy with Sachs, uh, but we are going to put the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3365.0s	3365.0	 spotlight on him and it will be through journalism and it will be through constant pressure. And you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3370.1s	3370.1	 can help if you want to donate $100 go just donate to that. I'm not taking any money, obviously.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3375.2s	3375.2	 This is a really interesting civics experiment, I think for the rest of the country. And I want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3379.8s	3379.8	 to say that I, I don't know enough of these details. I go up to San Francisco every now and then. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3384.5s	3384.5	 don't, I've not liked what I've seen. It's scary. And it's great that you guys are standing up for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3389.1s	3389.1	 your city. The, the thing is, I wonder how much of these recall movements now will pick up steam,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3394.6s	3394.6	 not just here, but wherever else they're allowable all around the country. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3399.1s	3399.1	 the San Francisco board of education spent all this time and money, you know, basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3404.1s	3404.1	 navel gazing on the renaming of schools. And then finally, just because they were just so utterly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3409.7s	3409.7	 embarrassed, basically had to bag that. Could you imagine that in the most technically advanced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3414.7s	3414.7	 and most progressive city in the world, basically with the kinds of companies and people that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3420.5s	3420.5	 have here, that that's what people were thinking about during the middle of a pandemic when children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3424.5s	3424.5	 were at home. Okay. You have this DA who's going to get basically recalled in Los Angeles,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3430.2s	3430.2	 you have a DA that's going to get recalled in California, you have an entire, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3434.8s	3434.8	 governor of the state that's going to get recalled. So what are we learning? We're learning that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3438.6s	3438.6	 people can actually small numbers of people can be extremely effective at getting changed on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3443.5s	3443.5	 that they represent us and that the distance between what the public clearly wants and what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3450.3s	3450.3	 some of these bought and paid for radically insane people both on the left and the right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3456.6s	3456.6	 that needs to stop. And if people are, you know, going to not listen to the constituents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3462.3s	3462.3	 we need to stop them. People want people want centrism. They want simple center 100% reason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3467.7s	3467.7	 People want reason. Yeah, the silliness is that the San Francisco board of education people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3474.0s	3474.0	 are elected. When have any of you or any of the people that I know in San Francisco ever actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3480.2s	3480.2	 looked up who's the person on the board of education? It's not really a topic that people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3483.7s	3483.7	 have paid much attention to. And I think that this experience when you don't pay attention from a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3489.0s	3489.0	 civic perspective on who your elected officials are and take an action in electing them, you wake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3493.8s	3493.8	 up when a crisis like this occurs, and you're like, oh, shit, maybe I should pay attention the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3497.8s	3497.8	 time there's an election. And maybe I should be more active and be more thoughtful. Or maybe we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3501.9s	3501.9	 should end up in a situation where you allow the mayor or the board of supervisors to appoint the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3506.5s	3506.5	 board and have an approval process where there's a little bit more kind of not just anyone that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3510.6s	3510.6	 wants to get elected puts themselves on the ballot gets elected, no one really pays attention to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3514.6s	3514.6	 who's getting elected. And then you wake up to this crisis. Isn't it true that like in the board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3518.1s	3518.1	 of education, there was this whole thing came to a head, because they were trying to like staff a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3522.9s	3522.9	 committee, again, to waste time on some bullshit. Yeah, here's some guy, some guy raised his hand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3529.0s	3529.0	 And, you know, he happened to be this, you know, gay person in a mixed cultural marriage, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3537.4s	3537.4	 and he wanted to be a part of this committee. And he had been kind of like a really good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3541.2s	3541.2	 thoughtful participant. And they said no, because he wasn't diverse enough or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3545.4s	3545.4	 Yes, that's exactly what happened. There was a school board meeting. It started at 4pm. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3551.4s	3551.4	 4pm. And this was the first issue they discussed is whether the like you said, this this gay white
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3556.5s	3556.5	 man was diverse enough to be on a committee. It was a committee where he was volunteering his time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3561.5s	3561.5	 Time is good. Everybody thought that he'd be additive. I mean, you know, everybody liked him,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3567.1s	3567.1	 but they spent several hours debating whether they should put him on for diversity reasons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3571.4s	3571.4	 Because he wasn't he wasn't woke enough. Right. Exactly. Then they spent their time talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3576.2s	3576.2	 renaming schools and taking Abraham Lincoln's names off schools, and even renaming schools.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3581.0s	3581.0	 They didn't even know why certain names were what they got the people wrong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3585.4s	3585.4	 They got the people wrong. And then basically, they didn't even get to the issue of school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3588.9s	3588.9	 reopening until midnight. So eight hours later, and then everyone basically had gone to bed and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3593.8s	3593.8	 the meeting ended. I mean, literally, this is what happened. So the parents, it's like an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3597.9s	3597.9	 SNL skit. It's like insane. It's insane. And so, you know, the parents are up in arms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3602.9s	3602.9	 and this is triggering a recall movement, because the parents just want the schools reopened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3606.6s	3606.6	 And you keep getting these responses from the school board where they keep saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3611.9s	3611.9	 Oh, we're listening to your concerns or whatever, they keep trying to process them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3615.9s	3615.9	 But they're not doing anything about it, you know, and then and then they say, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3619.5s	3619.5	 in order for us to reopen, we need to establish our testing infrastructure. And we're putting an RFP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3624.6s	3624.6	 out for that. And blah, blah, blah. And it's like, what are you talking about? Private schools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3629.1s	3629.1	 have reopened, just reopen, you know, just reopen. What do you guys think about Joe Biden's first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3636.1s	3636.1	 sort of 60 days in office? Executing at a high level with the vaccine, I mean, opening up all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3643.4s	3643.4	 those FEMA sites and getting to 2 million shots a day on average is undeniably great. The fact that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3648.7s	3648.7	 he used the War Powers Act to force Merck and to do the J Johnson and Johnson, and to work with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3656.6s	3656.6	 Johnson Johnson to increase production, undeniable. I'm not happy about, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3662.7s	3662.7	 um, the teachers and him kowtowing to the teachers. And I'm not happy about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3668.1s	3668.1	 just the hint that he wants to start the war machine up again. So, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3672.0s	3672.0	 Yeah, bombing Syria. Who wants who here wants to bomb Syria? It's like a right of passage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3676.2s	3676.2	 I don't want to, I don't want to draw any more where the fuck is Syria? Does anybody know?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3681.8s	3681.8	 I mean, why? Why? What? What? What are we doing? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3685.5s	3685.5	 our policy is key issues for me, the teachers and the bombings. I don't want that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3690.1s	3690.1	 I'd say I give him an eight out of 10, Jason, because I think the pandemic has been so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3695.1s	3695.1	 well handled by him and science and that team. I think they've done a very good job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3698.6s	3698.6	 But those two things, those two things are huge black marks for me. Like he and Bloomberg ripped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3703.8s	3703.8	 him one, you know, and Mike Bloomberg was on TV and he was just like, that is a joke. The teachers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3709.4s	3709.4	 unions are jokes. And you need to basically have to tear these people to the ground. You have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3714.3s	3714.3	 and you cannot allow these folks to hold an entire generation of kids hostage. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3719.8s	3719.8	 It's disgusting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3720.7s	3720.7	 And then the day I think it was the same day or the day after,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3723.6s	3723.6	 unfortunately, Biden kind of capitulated to the teachers union, not cool. And then this the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3728.1s	3728.1	 bombing of Syria was kind of like, why? Let's use sack sanctions. Let's use money. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3736.1s	3736.1	 the legacy of Trump, I think, not starting wars was the one thing and then him, you know, just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3741.9s	3741.9	 backing up the brings truck for the light speed. Those are the two best things he did. And those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3746.0s	3746.0	 are two things that we should say, you know what, he got those things, right? Let's carry those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3749.7s	3749.7	 forward. We have to crack the teachers unions. The teachers union, the voucher system is the only way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3755.1s	3755.1	 to do it. And it's very reasonable to say parents who are paying shit tons of taxes should be able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3761.5s	3761.5	 to take that money and educate their kids however they damn please. And if we're going to spend 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3767.0s	3767.0	 $20,000 per student on public education, as a parent, whether you're in Brooklyn or Boise,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3772.6s	3772.6	 Idaho, you should have access that 15k. You should get where it goes. And you should take control of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3778.0s	3778.0	 it. That's the way to stop this machigna. J. Cal, I had the I had the this crazy realization,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3785.2s	3785.2	 as you were saying this, which is like, if you said if I said to you, you know, electricians union,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3790.8s	3790.8	 I would say thumbs up. autoworkers union, thumbs up. SEIU, generally thumbs up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3798.3s	3798.3	 nurses unions, thumbs up. But if I say teachers unions, I just have this incredibly negative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3803.1s	3803.1	 connotation now of an incredibly political class of people who are going completely out of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3809.0s	3809.0	 way to basically just like have exceptions and asterisks that apply to them and them only.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3815.3s	3815.3	 It's I don't know, am I the only one that feels that way? It just seems like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3818.7s	3818.7	 it's trending to where like teachers, it's almost becoming a four letter word. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3822.4s	3822.4	 I don't think they care about teachers. They don't care about students. These unions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3825.6s	3825.6	 but unions in general do a very important job. The students. Yeah, but I think unions in general
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3829.4s	3829.4	 do a really important job. And I think that, you know, like all these other unions, I have a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3833.4s	3833.4	 positive thought about what they're meant to be. You can be pro union or pro organized labor, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3839.4s	3839.4	 be against this specific union. That's what I'm saying. Just like you can be pro reforming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3845.6s	3845.6	 criminal justice and the unfairness of it while still being against Chesapeake's insanity that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3851.0s	3851.0	 people should be able to be murdered and killed and beaten in the streets with impunity. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3856.6s	3856.6	 like this is, this is not an even, this is a completely logical position to have. I want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3862.8s	3862.8	 to not put people in jail for cannabis sales. And I want to remove people from non violent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3867.0s	3867.0	 for non violent offenders from the incarceration. You can believe that while believing you should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3872.9s	3872.9	 incarcerate somebody who murders somebody, this is not a hard logic to understand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3878.9s	3878.9	 Right. Totally. No, you're right. I mean, the, the, the, it's, it's a combination of ideology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3884.8s	3884.8	 and special interests, um, working against common sense and what the average citizen wants,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3891.9s	3891.9	 you know, and it's not Republican or it's not Republican or Democrat, David, you and I agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3897.9s	3897.9	 on this. And of course we just want, we just want common sense government that functions for,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3902.7s	3902.7	 uh, the people as opposed to special interests or these radical ideologies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3906.3s	3906.3	 I want to have a couple of pops at the battery and go walk to another bar without having to fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3911.4s	3911.4	 that somebody's going to stab me for my goddamn iPhone, you know, or, or, or some poor kid's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3916.5s	3916.5	 going to get attacked by somebody deranged out of their mind on fentanyl. Look, this is why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3922.0s	3922.0	 new symptoms can get recalled is because crime and education are just fundamental issues. We do not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3927.0s	3927.0	 feel safe in our cities. Crime is out of control and we're going crazy that we can't send our kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3931.5s	3931.5	 to schools. These are issues that affect cities and suburbs. Everyone's on the same page. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3936.1s	3936.1	 think you're right that the teachers unions have overplayed their hand and expose themselves as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3940.7s	3940.7	 not caring about the kids, just looking out for their own benefits. They want to be on paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3944.4s	3944.4	 vacation forever effectively. And do you see there was a great, um, example where an Oakley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3950.2s	3950.2	 which is a town in the East Bay, the whole, uh, they were caught on, uh, recorded on zoom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3955.4s	3955.4	 The hot mic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3956.3s	3956.3	 Yeah. The hot, there's a hot mic where the entire school board was forced to resign because they got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3960.8s	3960.8	 caught mocking parents for, for quote, wanting their babysitters back so they could smoke pot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3967.5s	3967.5	 I mean, the cynicism here is unbelievable. I mean, these, these people are supposed to care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3971.8s	3971.8	 about teaching young people and they, and they view themselves as just babysitters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3976.5s	3976.5	 Yeah. And they view parents as stoners.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3980.2s	3980.2	 Yeah. I mean, we, we got to shake up this system and then, and the problem is competition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3985.8s	3985.8	 we need competition. And look, the problem is that, that the people that when you have unions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3990.6s	3990.6	 running the schools, there's no reward for excellence. The bad, the bad people don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3994.9s	3994.9	 get fired and the good people don't get rewarded. So they, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=3998.7s	3998.7	 if you're pro, if you're anti-competition, you are a moron. Everything in this world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4005.9s	4005.9	 gets better when people compete on the playing field in the arena to build better products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4012.1s	4012.1	 and services and in healthcare and in education and in housing, the government and dare I say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4019.3s	4019.3	 at the far left is stopping people from competing. We should look at ourselves as customers. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4025.8s	4025.8	 that's what's happening right now. People are saying we're the customer, Gavin Newsom and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4029.8s	4029.8	 Chesapeake. We don't want that product, that product, get the hell, get the hell out of here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4034.1s	4034.1	 with that product and give us something reasonable. No person who's Republican, no person who's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4039.9s	4039.9	 democratic doesn't want safety and doesn't want competition in education. The only people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4045.6s	4045.6	 don't want to stop competition in education are special interests. Period. Amen. Man, you've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4052.3s	4052.3	 snorting those red pills. Sorry, these red pills are fucking great. Man, these red pills, wow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4056.2s	4056.2	 These Peter Thiel red pills are, woo. God, man, I thought Adderall was good, but God, these Miami
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4065.1s	4065.1	 Keith Raboy, Peter Thiel, Stanford red pills got me lit. I'm ready to go. All right. Anybody give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4072.2s	4072.2	 a shit about NFTs? Non-fungible tokens. I mean, I think it's kind of brilliant, but by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4077.8s	4077.8	 don't we only have two minutes? Two minutes. I think we should wrap on the red pills. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4083.4s	4083.4	 you can't beat that. That was hot. Can't beat some red pills. That was hot. When are we going to see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4087.3s	4087.3	 each other? I can't take it anymore. I'm like a caged animal. I need to get out of here. I need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4092.4s	4092.4	 to get on one of your planes. I'm doing a home and away poker game on Wednesday and Thursday,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4098.9s	4098.9	 Wednesday in LA, Thursday up here, but it's 500 and a thousand, Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4103.9s	4103.9	 Oh, yeah. Oh. And you got to play both days. You got to play both days,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4108.5s	4108.5	 or you can't play one or the other. You got to play both days. Oh, boy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4111.0s	4111.0	 Jamath is trying to make his billions back. I don't know if I want to be in a 500,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4116.2s	4116.2	 1K game. No, I'm going to go pass on that. How is that any different than the normal game? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4119.8s	4119.8	 like, you know. In fact. In fact. I just, you know, you can't limp in with your aces. It's just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4124.2s	4124.2	 you're going to get demolished. You got four callers that, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4127.6s	4127.6	 Yeah. Rick Solomon will jump the fence with a seven, eight and bust.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4131.0s	4131.0	 And laugh and laugh. And laugh.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4133.0s	4133.0	 Nick, you got to edit all this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4134.6s	4134.6	 No, you don't. That's the best part. The macha king of Malibu. The Malibu Macha King.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4140.1s	4140.1	 Macha King. Exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4141.4s	4141.4	 Malibu. Tell him I'll take a macha with extra money. All right, everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4144.6s	4144.6	 For the Queen of Quinoa, for Rain Man David's axe and for the demolished dictator,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4151.2s	4151.2	 will rebuild. I believe in you, Chamath. You can rebuild it. You can rebuild that chip in a chair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4156.5s	4156.5	 Come on. Let's get back in the game. Chip in a chair. Give us another IPOGH.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4161.8s	4161.8	 Whatever. Let's go everybody. And we'll see you next time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4165.5s	4165.5	 Love you guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4166.1s	4166.1	 Thanks to our sponsors. Bye guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4167.9s	4167.9	 That don't exist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4168.5s	4168.5	 Back at you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4169.4s	4169.4	 Back at you. Ditto. I love you besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4181.6s	4181.6	 And instead, we open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4185.7s	4185.7	 Love you, Eski.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4186.4s	4186.4	 The Queen of Quinoa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4187.7s	4187.7	 I'm going all in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4194.6s	4194.6	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4195.7s	4195.7	 Go 13.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4197.1s	4197.1	 That is my dog taking a notice in your driveway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4199.3s	4199.3	 Sex.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4202.2s	4202.2	 Oh man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4205.0s	4205.0	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4209.0s	4209.0	 like this like sexual tension that they just need to release it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4213.0s	4213.0	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4213.4s	4213.4	 You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4214.5s	4214.5	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4215.2s	4215.2	 You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4216.0s	4216.0	 You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4218.3s	4218.3	 We need to get merch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4219.3s	4219.3	 Besties are back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4219.9s	4219.9	 I'm going all in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ICMLjL7WLo&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=112&t=4227.7s	4227.7	 I'm going all in.
