https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=0.0s	0.0	 Does anybody have any thoughts on this? I mean, I think it's incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=8.0s	8.0	 So does Friedberg's dog.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=9.1s	9.1	 Hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome to another episode of the All In Podcast. It's been a week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=33.1s	33.1	 it's been a minute with us today. Of course, the queen of Kenwa, David Friedberg and the rain man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=40.0s	40.0	 himself calling in from a nondescript mansion in one of 17 cities, the rain man himself, David Sachs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=47.0s	47.0	 and cackling like a dictator who got his two Billy back and he's back in the game. Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=55.5s	55.5	 Polly, Hoppatea for those of you. He's re-billionized. He re-billionized? Is he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=61.4s	61.4	 gonna get a car with doors that go like this? Doors that go like this? Let's talk a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=67.9s	67.9	 bit about the vaccine. Biden says everybody who's an adult is qualified by May 1st. He's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=73.4s	73.4	 instructed the states to do that. We are now hitting 2.x million a day. We had a 3 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=80.3s	80.3	 shot day, I believe, Friedberg. And obviously the $1.9 billion COVID slash everybody gets a big slice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=90.2s	90.2	 bill got passed. 1.9 trillion with a T. Sorry, that's what I said, 1.9 trillion. No, somebody put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=94.6s	94.6	 1.9 billion in the nuts. Yes, 1.9 trillion. 1.9 billion is what the COVID NFT went for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=103.2s	103.2	 As Sachs has said in the past, a trillion here, a trillion there. Soon enough, it's real money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=107.8s	107.8	 Yeah. Well, Biden's speech really kind of begged the question of why we still need this $2 trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=115.2s	115.2	 bill if COVID is gonna be over in May. But putting that aside, I think Biden's speech was very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=121.2s	121.2	 welcome in that he called for states to drop all of these crazy eligibility requirements that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=127.4s	127.4	 actually preventing people from getting vaccinated at this point. He says that every adult American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=132.3s	132.3	 should be able to get a dose by May 1st. And he's right. And there's a sharp contrast with Gavin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=138.2s	138.2	 Newsom in California who keeps playing political games with the administration of these doses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=142.8s	142.8	 So in California, yesterday, just yesterday, we added 250,000 more doses of unused inventory. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=151.9s	151.9	 we, the amount grew to 4.5 million unused doses sitting on a shelf. Only 215,000 people got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=158.6s	158.6	 vaccinated. So we're actually building inventory faster than we're building the population of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=163.7s	163.7	 people getting vaccinated. And it's because of all these crazy rules and requirements. You have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=167.9s	167.9	 go make an appointment. And that really actually, it's kind of productive because it discriminates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=173.2s	173.2	 against people who are less computer savvy, don't know how to navigate the website, or communities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=178.6s	178.6	 who don't want to enter their name in a government database, which there's a lot of people in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=183.0s	183.0	 California who don't want to put their names in a government database. And so it works against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=187.4s	187.4	 those communities getting vaccinated. At this point, we should just drop all the requirements,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=191.7s	191.7	 drop the website, let anyone who wants a vaccine just get in line and get vaccinated. It'll go much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=196.7s	196.7	 faster. The problem is that we throw around this word equity, and that we need to do something with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=203.4s	203.4	 equity. And in fact, I think that people who use that word are stupid. I think what they're trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=208.1s	208.1	 to say actually is we don't want inequity. And the most inequitable thing is to actually take the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=214.6s	214.6	 impoverished and fragile of the population and prevent them from actually getting the vaccine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=219.7s	219.7	 because they're the ones that actually need to be working and can't afford to actually not work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=224.5s	224.5	 can't afford to be sick or can't afford to, you know, find solutions to childcare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=231.4s	231.4	 It's this weird word that like, you know, the extreme left uses now to describe policies that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=237.3s	237.3	 are just frankly, poorly thought out and even more poorly executed. It might even be more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=242.2s	242.2	 pernicious than that correct freeburg in that anybody who gets a shot is helping everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=248.3s	248.3	 else because they are now a blocker in the system. I know this is incredibly simplistic,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=253.1s	253.1	 but I'm a simplistic guy. And it just seems to me that it's a different way of thinking about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=257.5s	257.5	 benefit of vaccination. And I've said it in the past, but the benefit of vaccination is to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=262.9s	262.9	 enough people vaccinated that the virus generally stops spreading and then the pandemic ends. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=268.2s	268.2	 that's the objective. It's not about creating equitable protection for individuals. And as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=272.8s	272.8	 Americans, it's interesting, we think about it in terms of an individual benefit. It's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=276.8s	276.8	 how much do I get? What do I get from this vaccine? I want to get protected. The other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=280.7s	280.7	 guy's getting protected before me. Who gets to go first? Yada, yada, and it becomes this kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=284.6s	284.6	 competitive frothing for a vaccination. And the reality is if we get enough people vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=290.9s	290.9	 fast enough, the pandemic ends. If we can get 200 million shots in arms, this goes back to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=295.8s	295.8	 I think, this tweet I sent in early January, December, we get 200 million shots in arms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=301.0s	301.0	 we can be done with the pandemic based on how many the efficacy of transmission rate reduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=307.4s	307.4	 combined with the fact that a certain number of people have already developed immunity to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=310.5s	310.5	 thing. We get to the point that there should be kind of a, you know, think about a network
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=314.8s	314.8	 and you start turning nodes off the network suddenly becomes really hard to see transmission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=318.5s	318.5	 happen across the network. And so the prioritization of, you know, who gets the vaccine over, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=326.0s	326.0	 how fast we are deploying the vaccine has been a critical error from day one, in my opinion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=331.4s	331.4	 Now, look, all that being said, I feel like we could sit here and criticize and argue about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=336.5s	336.5	 tactics and strategy all day long about this and, you know, make politicians look like idiots and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=341.6s	341.6	 administrators look like idiots. But the truth is, we are now seeing 3 million shots a day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=347.7s	347.7	 In Biden's speech, he said, which, if you'll remember is what I said, we really should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=351.4s	351.4	 targeting is about 1% of the population every day. And that's roughly where we are. Biden said in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=356.7s	356.7	 his speech that we are in a war footing, which is effectively what we said the other day, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=360.9s	360.9	 federal government is operating 600 mass vac sites. And we are right now getting shots in arms for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=366.7s	366.7	 all of the issues with prioritization and nonsense that's going on. I feel very in the United States.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=373.0s	373.0	 I agree that Biden has the correct posture on this, which is war footing. We are not doing that in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=378.2s	378.2	 California. I mean, I just talked about how we're building inventories faster than we're getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=381.9s	381.9	 vaccines administered. Newsom just announced that 40% of the vaccines are now going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=387.1s	387.1	 basically separated out and reserved for equity zones. And, you know, it's, it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=394.2s	394.2	 What does that even mean?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=395.7s	395.7	 It means that certain communities, only people in certain communities can get those vaccines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=400.5s	400.5	 and they're going to be distributed out through this complicated system of local community groups.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=405.4s	405.4	 All that does is put money through some no bid contract to some shitty technical company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=411.4s	411.4	 a bunch of consultants that then take advantage of the system, get paid hundreds of millions or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=415.7s	415.7	 billions of dollars to do nothing. I mean, I tweeted out there's this bot that now scrapes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=422.9s	422.9	 And by the way, before I tweeted out this thing about this bot, which is, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=427.5s	427.5	 Yeah, I sent it to you. It's the California vaccines available bot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=431.4s	431.4	 Exactly. And all it does is it scrapes that myturn.ca website. But before that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=436.5s	436.5	 in our group chat, there was another friend of ours who wrote his own scraper, if you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=440.0s	440.0	 remember. And it was really shocking because all it would show is page after page after page
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=445.8s	445.8	 of completely open and available vaccine vaccine slots. You know, at the Moscone Center and other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=451.6s	451.6	 places. And you think all of this stuff is just a bunch of, I'll be blunt, rich white people sitting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=458.2s	458.2	 in a room with their head up their ass. And they come up with these stupid fucking rules. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=462.6s	462.6	 they try to implement them with words like equity. And all that happens is that you compound inequality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=470.2s	470.2	 And let's go back to Freiburg's first point, which is that all these unvaccinated people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=476.3s	476.3	 can't get vaccinated faster become a giant Petri dish for the virus to continue spreading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=481.3s	481.3	 and experimenting on. And morphing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=483.0s	483.0	 And morphing. So maybe we actually do get a vaccine resistant strain. The new strains,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=487.0s	487.0	 the variants have been popping up so far are not vaccine resistant. But the longer the pandemic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=492.2s	492.2	 goes on, the longer there's a chance that one could arise. And then we're back to square one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=496.8s	496.8	 on this thing. So it's going to hurt everybody. And here's the crazy thing is that, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=502.2s	502.2	 I think we all know a lot of people. I know dozens of people who've been vaccinated in California,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=507.6s	507.6	 and they all come to me and tell me they're whispering about it, you know, because they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=510.8s	510.8	 don't want to tell anyone they got vaccinated. They're scared of being canceled because, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=516.2s	516.2	 Newsome and the equity people have created this idea that if you get a vaccine, you're taking away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=521.0s	521.0	 from somebody else. In reality, you're not because anybody who's high risk has already gotten the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=525.7s	525.7	 vaccine by now or has had access to get the vaccine. And all you're doing right now if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=529.8s	529.8	 get the vaccine is taking a dose off the shelf where there's 4.5 million doses sitting there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=535.2s	535.2	 and it's increasing by millions every week. And so what we need to do is, well, let me make a PSA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=541.1s	541.1	 actually. Starting on Monday, you can, anyone in California can get the vaccine with a doctor's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=547.5s	547.5	 note. And they're saying that doctors have total discretion to give the note. So let me just make a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=552.4s	552.4	 PSA to everyone out there. If you're in California, just go get a doctor's note starting on Monday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=557.1s	557.1	 and go get the vaccine. Yeah, you know, stop worrying about Newsome's stupid rules.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=561.8s	561.8	 Let's also just remember, so two points on that. Not everyone has the ability to go just get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=567.3s	567.3	 doctor's note. It's really hard for people that have to go to public clinics and so on to get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=571.0s	571.0	 doctor's note. What we are seeing is a lot of people just hacking the website almost like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=575.8s	575.8	 Soviet Union era breadlines where they go to the website, they type in something that's not true
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=580.2s	580.2	 to get themselves a slot. And that's how a lot of people are kind of filling the void. The reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=584.5s	584.5	 is, and I just want to go back to the point I was making at the beginning, I think we're skating out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=588.2s	588.2	 of this thing. And I think that the inventory surplus, which is absolutely being built up at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=593.8s	593.8	 staggering rate in the United States right now, if you look at the inventory forecast from J&J,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=598.3s	598.3	 Pfizer and Moderna, relative to the deployment rate of the vaccines right now, you are correct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=603.0s	603.0	 We are building up a surplus and inventory surplus and the rate of buildup per day is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=606.9s	606.9	 increasing right now. Is it one million extra shots a day, two million extra shots a day?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=611.3s	611.3	 Yeah, it's probably half a million to a million. And so we're building up an inventory. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=615.1s	615.1	 what happens- On top of the 30 million we have already in inventory. So what's happening is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=620.5s	620.5	 there are natural market dynamics where what we are all pointing out and saying is starting to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=624.8s	624.8	 play out in terms of people kind of hacking the system. There's so much supply. There are many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=629.3s	629.3	 vac sites now. You can go to any supermarket, any pharmacy in California to get a shot. And everyone's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=633.7s	633.7	 just clicking the box and saying, yes, I qualify. And they're going in and getting shots. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=637.7s	637.7	 market demand is starting to meet the supply, even though there are government and regulatory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=641.9s	641.9	 forces that are trying to inhibit that from taking place. And so I do feel pretty good when you look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=646.2s	646.2	 at kind of the inventory forecast and you look at how many shots are being given per day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=649.7s	649.7	 that in 45 days or so, we're going to get to a point that we're starting to skate out of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=653.6s	653.6	 thing and kind of call it a day. Can I ask you a question?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=656.3s	656.3	 Despite the idiocy of the process that regulators have kind of put in place.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=659.8s	659.8	 Friedberg, I just have a quick science question because I was trying to find the answer to this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=663.7s	663.7	 but I would love for you to tell us. What is the real efficacy of the vaccine and what is your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=671.7s	671.7	 transmittability, like your carrier status once you've gotten, for example, like, let's just say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=677.8s	677.8	 you take the Pfizer vaccine, right? If you get the Pfizer vaccine, how many days until this is like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=685.1s	685.1	 pretty good? And, you know, like what is really the risk profile between the first shot and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=690.9s	690.9	 second shot? I'll share this link and then we can post it on the show notes and people can take a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=697.5s	697.5	 look at it. But it's an excellent paper published in the New England Journal of Medicine showing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=702.5s	702.5	 basically a population of unvaccinated against Pfizer vaccinated with half a million in each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=707.4s	707.4	 population, half a million people. Yeah. And they showed basically the accumulated infection rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=713.6s	713.6	 severe hospitalization rate and death rate of each of the two populations over time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=719.0s	719.0	 And that really kind of, I think, highlights the efficacy of the vaccines and at what time period
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=723.6s	723.6	 they become efficacious on each of those metrics. And by the way, even after the first dose across
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=728.9s	728.9	 a population of half a million people, the margin of error on death shows that there may even be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=735.3s	735.3	 complete protection against death after the first dose of the Pfizer vaccine within seven days of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=741.4s	741.4	 getting that shot. Pretty powerful statistic. What, just to describe the chart for those people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=745.3s	745.3	 listening, you have two populations and one's in blue, one's in red. And it's the time is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=751.2s	751.2	 you know, in days on the bottom axis. And when you get to day eight, one line goes sideways and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=756.5s	756.5	 other one goes, keeps going straight up. So it's day eight after the Pfizer that you're basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=761.8s	761.8	 protected according to this chart. And that's on the first shot. And like, I think it adds like one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=767.2s	767.2	 or two cases. Yeah, that's right. There have been zero deaths. So I think day eight is the day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=772.2s	772.2	 And the second dose seems like to me, you know, it's just this unbelievable extra. Another amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=778.7s	778.7	 chart, which maybe we can dump in the show notes is what's happening in San Francisco. We hit 10,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=782.9s	782.9	 shots a day at the end of February, March 1st. We're doing now 2000 shots a day. So we literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=789.9s	789.9	 have dropped 70% or so we're at 3000 shots, I think from the peak. Yeah. So this crazy wokeness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=796.5s	796.5	 is resulting in, you know, in this this virtue signaling that, you know, oh, we can't give any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=801.7s	801.7	 shots to anybody unless we get this group first or that group first is now leading to everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=805.7s	805.7	 hacking the system. The hack that I've heard is, since teachers are getting it, childcare people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=811.4s	811.4	 and food service people are getting it, people are now starting to get jobs at DoorDash,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=817.0s	817.0	 or saying they're a teacher. And if you check that box, according to, you know, the back channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=821.8s	821.8	 that I've heard, you go get the shot and you don't get they don't ask you for anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=826.7s	826.7	 other than your driver's license. No one's checking. It's just a driver's license pharmacies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=831.6s	831.6	 the grocery stores, the mass vac sites, the SFD pH, California DPH administered sites,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=836.0s	836.0	 the federal sites, no one's checking. You sign up, you check a box on the website, it says I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=841.0s	841.0	 attest that this is true. And then you go and show your ID and get your shot. And so a lot of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=845.8s	845.8	 have kind of initially started skirting around the rules by going to be a DoorDash driver for a day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=850.6s	850.6	 or what have you, and then saying I'm a food and ag worker. And then now generally people I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=854.8s	854.8	 are just clicking on the box and going in and getting a shot. Now, sorry, just to go back on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=859.0s	859.0	 the previous question, Chamath, I shared it figure two, Nick, in this paper I shared, particularly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=865.2s	865.2	 box E shows the deaths due to COVID-19 of a vaccinated population and non vaccinated population.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=871.4s	871.4	 And then it shows documented SARS-CoV-2 infection. And you'll see that you basically have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=876.0s	876.0	 almost no incremental infections in the vaccinated population, starting around 28
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=881.4s	881.4	 days after your first dose. And so that's really when you could say you've got really good kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=886.6s	886.6	 protection from the vaccine and you're already starting to get the benefits early on. Antibody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=891.7s	891.7	 studies have also shown that there's this big jump up that happens around that period of time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=897.4s	897.4	 And so call it three weeks after your first shot and then in particular the fourth week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=901.4s	901.4	 you're really kind of like locked in with a protective capacity. Now, your question around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=906.6s	906.6	 transmissibility is one that's still being studied, which is if I've got a vaccine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=910.5s	910.5	 am I going to be able to pick up the virus and transmit it to someone else?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=914.6s	914.6	 Right now, they're saying, well, we don't have evidence one way or the other. But I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=918.4s	918.4	 generally the way that the virus is spread is you develop an infection in your body. Your body then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=924.3s	924.3	 makes lots of copies of the virus and then you cough and spit them out in the air. And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=927.5s	927.5	 how people get it. So theoretically, you could carry some virus on your mouth or on your nose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=931.4s	931.4	 where those cells don't have immune protectiveness and the virus is still alive, but it's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=936.9s	936.9	 spreading in your body. You're not creating a lot of superfluous virus to spread in the world. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=941.8s	941.8	 the basic science of it is you should not be spreading COVID if you've been vaccinated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=946.2s	946.2	 Right? I mean, you may have some on your skin or your nose or something for a short period of time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=950.1s	950.1	 but you're not going to develop a systemic infection that you're then going to kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=953.6s	953.6	 start exerting everywhere. So I think we should start to transition to this world of feeling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=959.0s	959.0	 really good and safe and enjoying ourselves. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=961.0s	961.0	 We hit 500,000 shots a day, sacks in California, and now we're down to 150,000. We've literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=967.9s	967.9	 gone down two thirds under the management of Governor hair gel. It's unbelievable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=974.6s	974.6	 Yeah. I mean, look, because, you know, and what was in his State of the State speech,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=979.7s	979.7	 which went over like a lead balloon, the most notable quote was, we're not going back to normal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=985.8s	985.8	 Normal was never good enough. Normal accepts inequity. So because there might be some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=991.0s	991.0	 inequity in the world around the wrong person in line getting these doses, we're never going back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=995.8s	995.8	 to normal. And he's basically ensuring that result by taking forever with these vaccines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1000.9s	1000.9	 But let me go back to this point about efficacy. So I think Freiburg gave the stats on, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1007.4s	1007.4	 the bottom line here is that vaccines work. That is the message we should be getting out to people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1012.3s	1012.3	 is that they work. And the thing I've been really surprised by in the reactions that I'm seeing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1016.8s	1016.8	 my own tweets on Twitter about this is how loud the anti-vax voices are and how loud and sort of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1023.9s	1023.9	 when you say anti-vax, you don't mean not take the vaccine. You mean the vaccine doesn't work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1029.0s	1029.0	 and we're never getting rid of COVID the forever COVID people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1033.0s	1033.0	 Yeah. Well, there's no, there's actually a lot of people on Twitter who got really angry when I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1039.4s	1039.4	 tweeted, I tweeted something about how- It's over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1042.6s	1042.6	 Biden said, it's over. I tweeted, it's over. Biden says we can all get the vaccine in May.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1050.2s	1050.2	 If you decide not to do it, that's on you, the rest of us are moving on. And I got a lot of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1055.6s	1055.6	 all I was really saying is, look, once the vaccine's available, there's no need for any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1059.0s	1059.0	 of these COVID restrictions anymore. But a lot of people interpreted that as me saying something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1064.0s	1064.0	 that you should be forced to get the vaccine or something like that. Now, look, I don't think you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1068.2s	1068.2	 should be forced to get it, but I think it's highly effective. It works. And, but I'm surprised at how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1074.0s	1074.0	 loud these sort of anti-vax voices are. It's usually like a conspiracy theory around the vaccine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1080.1s	1080.1	 And I think part of the reason why those voices are so loud is because they're unopposed because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1086.1s	1086.1	 all the people who believe in the vaccine are getting it, but they're all afraid of, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1089.4s	1089.4	 like you were saying, J Cal, of being canceled. And so there's a conspiracy of silence around this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1094.3s	1094.3	 You know, what we all need to be saying is, look, go get vaccinated. It works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1098.0s	1098.0	 Take the win. America, take the win. We screwed this thing up for 14 months. Can we just take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1103.5s	1103.5	 the goddamn win and move on? I'll give you a little thing that always pops into my mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1108.1s	1108.1	 in all of these things. Whenever I hear some politician or some like naval gazing intellectual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1114.8s	1114.8	 use the word inequity, I think like this is a power grab because the word equity is really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1120.7s	1120.7	 about ownership. Whereas the word equality is about balance. Right. And, and power hungry politicians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1128.9s	1128.9	 love the word equity and inequity because it's their opportunity to grab power and to tell us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1134.5s	1134.5	 how things should be done or to do things differently in a way where, you know, they can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1138.3s	1138.3	 enforce their mandate, which is typically ill-formed and not very smart. And I would just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1143.2s	1143.2	 encourage all of us, whenever you hear the word equity or inequity, this huge, huge red light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1149.4s	1149.4	 should be going off in your head saying, whatever this person says next is a crock of horse shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1154.4s	1154.4	 And it's probably a power grab. Whereas if you hear people really talking about solving inequality,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1160.5s	1160.5	 there's really no mechanism to solve inequality through power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1163.4s	1163.4	 Well, I think that's a great point around the language that gets used. And I have a similar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1168.9s	1168.9	 concern about the way that the word privilege gets used. We used to have a term in this country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1172.9s	1172.9	 called success. People were successful or not. And, you know, success had a connotation of being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1179.2s	1179.2	 earned. Whereas privilege has a connotation of being unearned. Well, I mean, now sometimes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1184.6s	1184.6	 privilege is earned success and sometimes it's unearned. And, you know, but, but when you start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1189.4s	1189.4	 using the word privilege to describe all success, it implies that there's something, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1194.6s	1194.6	 unjust or unearned about it and it needs to be reallocated. So, you know, that to me is another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1199.7s	1199.7	 one of these political words is we shouldn't be confusing success with privilege.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1203.9s	1203.9	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1204.0s	1204.0	 They're two very different things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1205.0s	1205.0	 I have an example of this. Oprah Winfrey is successful. Prince Henry is, has privilege.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1212.6s	1212.6	 Is privilege.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1213.3s	1213.3	 It's privilege. I shoehorned the Meghan Markle story finally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1217.6s	1217.6	 I mean, I do want to talk about the Meghan Markle story actually at some point before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1221.4s	1221.4	 the end of this podcast, but before we do that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1222.9s	1222.9	 Let's do it right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1223.9s	1223.9	 Okay. Joe Lansdale actually also had a tweet, a pretty unapologetic set of tweets around,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1230.8s	1230.8	 you know, the miscasting of this concept of privilege. And I thought it was really on point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1235.0s	1235.0	 I really agreed with what he was saying. And it's effectively what you're saying, David. It's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1239.1s	1239.1	 people right now I find are just so, well, not people, the people that take the time to wallow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1245.9s	1245.9	 in Twitter, mostly, at least as I interact with them, are just so bitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1253.8s	1253.8	 And I think that there is no magnanimous happiness for other people's success anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1261.9s	1261.9	 I think like we live in a culture now where everybody feels it is so zero sum when it's not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1267.0s	1267.0	 in fact, zero sum. And people just begrudge other people's success, especially by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1274.4s	1274.4	 when it's earned. And the reason is because there's an entire generation of people of all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1280.0s	1280.0	 different ages. And, you know, but this last five or 10 years, who tap themselves out. Now, some were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1286.9s	1286.9	 legitimately prevented from success. But there's a lot of people that bought into this narrative.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1291.5s	1291.5	 Wow, it's a whole conspiracy that's set up against me. So I'm not even going to try.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1295.4s	1295.4	 And they are often the loudest and the most and bitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1298.2s	1298.2	 Absolutely.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1299.4s	1299.4	 And the reason is because, you know, everybody wakes up in their 40s and 50s and starts to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1303.2s	1303.2	 rationalize their choices in their lives. And what they really feel deep down inside is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1308.0s	1308.0	 oh, my God, I just let an entire decade go by of blaming other people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1313.3s	1313.3	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1313.7s	1313.7	 And I think there's a surprisingly large amount of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1317.7s	1317.7	 This ideology of victimization doesn't teach people the right things because you start to think that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1322.6s	1322.6	 you know, if you're wallowing in your oppression, then you don't have agency over your own life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1326.2s	1326.2	 You're blaming other people for not being successful, not getting ahead when what you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1329.5s	1329.5	 should be doing is focusing on working and improving your own life and getting ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1334.2s	1334.2	 Or also just redefining what happiness means. Happiness doesn't mean what that other person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1338.9s	1338.9	 has and then saying, because I don't have that, I have nothing. Happiness is really like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1343.4s	1343.4	 introspectively figuring out like, what really makes you complete. And I mean, not to get too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1347.9s	1347.9	 syrupy about it, but it's like, that's what we've also lost the script on. So when you put all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1352.4s	1352.4	 these things together, there's just a bunch of people that sit on the sidelines. They either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1357.4s	1357.4	 are too scared to enter the arena or they don't want to enter the arena. They don't want the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1362.1s	1362.1	 failure that comes from it because they've grown up in a culture where, you know, they had the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1365.8s	1365.8	 kindergarten soccer ball handed to them, the gold star and everything they've ever done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1369.6s	1369.6	 Participation trophy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1372.1s	1372.1	 And now what we really need are people in the arena more than ever, folks trying and failing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1378.3s	1378.3	 And it's okay. And there's just not enough of them. What instead is there's just a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1382.6s	1382.6	 of people who just want to bitch and complain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1385.2s	1385.2	 And I think this is the backlash to the Meghan Markle interview is that this miscasting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1389.7s	1389.7	 that this is an extremely privileged person or, you know, Harry and Meghan both are very privileged.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1396.2s	1396.2	 But I think what they're trying to do by making all these sort of accusations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1399.8s	1399.8	 of racism against their own family is they're trying to ground that privilege in victim status.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1405.7s	1405.7	 And this is the thing about privilege is privilege is a social concept. It's got nothing to do with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1411.3s	1411.3	 success, which is either earned or unearned. And so the way that people get to maintain their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1416.6s	1416.6	 privilege is, again, they grounded in some sort of victimization. It creates these very perverse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1422.6s	1422.6	 incentives. My reaction to the Meghan Markle Prince Harry interview was the following.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1428.0s	1428.0	 I had a lot of sympathy for what she was saying. But on the other side, I also thought,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1437.8s	1437.8	 you must have known what you were getting into on the way in. And there was, it was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1442.7s	1442.7	 and look, I'll say this as a Canadian and a Sri Lankan. So the Queen and the monarchy is an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1448.0s	1448.0	 increase, like it's, I can't describe to you guys, because you're not part of the Commonwealth, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1454.1s	1454.1	 it is just a definitional, definitional part of who we are as we grow up. And I don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1460.6s	1460.6	 what the equivalent American construct is. I guess there isn't one really. And so, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1466.3s	1466.3	 the monarchy is an incredibly important thing. But we all know that it's this kind of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1473.0s	1473.0	 anachronistic thing that just kind of look for us, it's not bullshit. Like, I mean, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1478.8s	1478.8	 if you said to me, despite all my bullshit and raging against the machine and society and blah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1483.0s	1483.0	 blah, blah, and stature, if I could be invited to meet the Queen, I would be there in eight nanoseconds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1488.5s	1488.5	 Well, I think the equivalent is the presidency. We actually feel that way about the presidency,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1492.5s	1492.5	 like going to visit the president is a big deal. I've met presidents.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1496.1s	1496.1	 The presidency is not an endowed kind of circumstance. There's something about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1499.6s	1499.6	 there's something about the Queen. My point is though, we all know, A, that it's important,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1503.8s	1503.8	 it's a great symbol of the Commonwealth. I'm very proud of all of that. But we also know it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1508.4s	1508.4	 anachronistic and it doesn't make much sense. And so what, what do you, what do you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1514.5s	1514.5	 you were marrying into? And I think, you know, my perspective was, I felt bad for her. I can't believe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1519.0s	1519.0	 you know, it got to the place where like people wouldn't get help for her when she was sick. And,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1524.3s	1524.3	 you know, and then they were questioning Harry's or the kids Archie's skin color. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1531.4s	1531.4	 this is insanity. Like these people are, are stuck in the 1800s, but then you realize they are actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1537.4s	1537.4	 stuck in the 1800s because they're not allowed to have a normal life. They're not allowed to actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1541.1s	1541.1	 interact. So, you know, are they at fault or they, or is the system that creates these sort of like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1546.7s	1546.7	 voyeuristic, you know, exotic animals in a zoo that we call the king, the queen, these princes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1551.6s	1551.6	 is the system at fault? I don't know. I was kind of like 50 50 on the interview, but my perspective was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1557.2s	1557.2	 the monarchy is in a really tough spot over the next 30 or 40 years, because again, so now let me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1562.1s	1562.1	 tell you where my belief is. I'm kind of a little bummed by the whole thing. The monarchy doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1566.3s	1566.3	 mean what it, what it, what it used to be for me. David, what's, what was more enthralling to you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1571.9s	1571.9	 this week, Tucker versus Taylor or the queen versus Oprah and Prince Henry?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1577.8s	1577.8	 And I didn't, I didn't spend a, I didn't spend a tremendous amount of time on, on either one. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1582.4s	1582.4	 mean, look, I, if I were, if I were Harry, I would probably do the same thing, which is to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1588.7s	1588.7	 leave. Look, the first thing I did in my career was, was quit the firm, right? I, you know, who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1593.8s	1593.8	 wants to work for a firm? You know, it's very tracked. So I don't blame him leaving, going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1599.8s	1599.8	 California. You know, that's what we, that's what we all did. Right. I mean, he was being, that's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1603.6s	1603.6	 very, that's a very entrepreneurial American thing to do. What, what I, what I had a problem with was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1609.0s	1609.0	 the way that they're attacking their own family because they're being paid $7 million to do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1614.1s	1614.1	 interview. I think that's-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1614.7s	1614.7	 No, no, no, hold on. They were not paid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1616.7s	1616.7	 There was a first question Oprah asked and they were very clear they were not getting paid. Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1620.6s	1620.6	 they did sign a hundred million-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1622.2s	1622.2	 Who made the 7 million then?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1623.4s	1623.4	 No, Oprah did. Harpo did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1624.8s	1624.8	 Oh, well, she's a genius.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1626.5s	1626.5	 Yeah, she's a genius. No, no, let's just be clear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1628.6s	1628.6	 Oprah got paid again?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1629.8s	1629.8	 Oprah, Oprah is our queen. That's the queen of America. Oprah is the queen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1634.7s	1634.7	 Yes. Oprah figured out a way to get paid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1636.8s	1636.8	 It's even worse. It's even worse if they did the interview for free and didn't even get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1640.5s	1640.5	 piece of the back end. So all they did was attack and besmirch their family for none of that. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1646.6s	1646.6	 look, I, I guess my point is, so why would they do it if it's not even about the money? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1651.7s	1651.7	 it's about this idea of defining their privilege, grounding it in victim status. And I think there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1657.2s	1657.2	 something very fake and phony about that. And I think that's why people had this reaction to it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1662.6s	1662.6	 where frankly they were, I don't think they're on the side of the royal family because it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1666.9s	1666.9	 it is outdated, but I think there was a lot of skepticism towards what Harry and I were saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1672.5s	1672.5	 I had a little bit of a problem with the like lie from our $15 million Montecito mansion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1678.4s	1678.4	 No, Jason, stop, stop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1680.2s	1680.2	 I mean, who paid for that house? That was a friend's house.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1683.5s	1683.5	 They have a $15 million house.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1685.0s	1685.0	 I know, but they also have a $15 million house next to Oprah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1691.0s	1691.0	 No, it's public. They put 5 million down and they took out a mortgage. It's someone listed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1695.0s	1695.0	 this whole thing. No, it's an honest question. Does the, do the taxpayers of the UK fund the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1699.6s	1699.6	 princes? That's the whole point. They went and did a deal with Netflix and they start and Spotify,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1703.7s	1703.7	 and now they have a salary and they're making money like everybody else. So I mean, I'm not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1708.0s	1708.0	 I don't have an issue with any of that. I don't have an issue with that. I thought the taxpayers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1711.6s	1711.6	 funded the lifestyle. They do fund the lifestyle of the other princes, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1715.5s	1715.5	 Sure. Yeah. So I mean, that's the thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1718.8s	1718.8	 Can we talk about something important?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1720.6s	1720.6	 Yeah. Okay. So a Beeple NFT sold for $69 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1726.3s	1726.3	 I mean, this week, this week was crazy. All the dumbest shit happened this week. Taylor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1730.5s	1730.5	 Lorenz getting slaughtered on. Yeah, that's the dumb shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1735.1s	1735.1	 So I miss, I miss Tucker versus Taylor, but actually the real, the person who took on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1740.5s	1740.5	 Taylor that did a brilliant job was Glenn Greenwald. I don't know if you guys read his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1745.1s	1745.1	 post, but that was brilliant. Basically what he said is that, look, you've got these class of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1751.8s	1751.8	 reporters out there who their job is to go out and they're like little hall monitors, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1758.2s	1758.2	 trying to bust people for whatever they might say in a clubhouse room, not just public figures,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1762.7s	1762.7	 but private people too. They're in the business of destroying lives and reputations. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1767.7s	1767.7	 that's basically their business model. But then the second, anyone has any criticism for them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1772.4s	1772.4	 they claim it's harassment, which is just absolute nonsense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1775.7s	1775.7	 And they want to be immune from criticism. The only person that was inoculated against social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1780.8s	1780.8	 justice wokeness to write that article is Glenn Greenwald because he is, you know, he's gay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1785.4s	1785.4	 he's got brown kids, he lives in Brazil, you know, with, I mean, it's like you can't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1790.6s	1790.6	 it's like irresistible force meeting the immovable object.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1795.4s	1795.4	 He's not completely immune because he was attacked, you know, and people said pretty nasty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1800.6s	1800.6	 things about him, but yeah, he definitely has some-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1802.6s	1802.6	 I think Greenwald is an unbelievable writer who calls it like he sees it. I don't agree with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1807.6s	1807.6	 everything he says all the time, but you know, he's right to call this stuff out. There was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1812.1s	1812.1	 another bunch of social justice nonsense this week as well. This poor guy had to like give out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1817.4s	1817.4	 this crazy apology tweet because he said he liked to exercise-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1819.3s	1819.3	 Oh, you're talking about Tom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1820.0s	1820.0	 What happened? Wait, what is that story?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1821.7s	1821.7	 Okay, this is the greatest. Okay, there's a kiss.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1823.6s	1823.6	 I've been telling you, Jason, I want you to exercise because I love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1826.2s	1826.2	 I lost 20 pounds. Look at me. I'm looking pretty good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1828.6s	1828.6	 I want it. Yeah, I want both of you guys to exercise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1830.6s	1830.6	 Tell me about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1831.8s	1831.8	 By the way, public service announcement, COVID Vaccine CA is the bot. So at COVID Vaccine CA.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1837.8s	1837.8	 It just tweets every five minutes, a hundred different places you can go pretend to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1841.9s	1841.9	 door dash driver and get a shot. Sorry. I mean, if you were a door dash driver-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1844.9s	1844.9	 Check the box and get vaccinated. Check a box.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1846.6s	1846.6	 Check the box. Let's go. Let's roll, people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1849.5s	1849.5	 Don't let Newsome take away your health.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1852.4s	1852.4	 Don't let Newsome put you in a noose. Don't focus on equity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1856.4s	1856.4	 Meanwhile, he's at like French Laundry. Jason, tell us about this tweet thing. What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1860.0s	1860.0	 happened? There's a kid named Dom. He's an entrepreneur. He's building a company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1863.4s	1863.4	 It's a good company. It's funded by Stripe. It's raised hundreds of millions of dollars. Good for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1867.5s	1867.5	 this guy. Yeah, but he likes to like, he's kind of like trying to engage on Twitter. And he basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1873.6s	1873.6	 said, I feel so much better and I'm performing at such a higher level since I got my diet and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1878.9s	1878.9	 my exercise right. I mean, people who are not getting their physical right are really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1884.2s	1884.2	 underperforming at work. It's such an opportunity or whatever. And then, you know, the large and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1889.4s	1889.4	 in charge, you know, fat is beautiful, you know, contingent, basically tried to cancel him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1895.0s	1895.0	 Sorry, wait, wait, but, but did he say that you have to be skinny?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1898.2s	1898.2	 No, he just said you will perform. If you're fat, you're underperforming basically. He didn't use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1903.8s	1903.8	 the word fat, but he said, if you're not in shape, you're underperforming at work, which I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1908.2s	1908.2	 is there science behind this? And yeah, sure. People showed me 100 studies that show if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1912.4s	1912.4	 lose weight, you have better concentration and focus. I mean, it's pretty obvious. But he did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1916.4s	1916.4	 the cardinal sin as here, here, I'll read you the tweet. An important lesson I learned well into my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1921.7s	1921.7	 career. If you are not physically fit and healthy, then you are underperforming at work. Pretty basic,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1927.1s	1927.1	 probably not very controversial, but he did what David Sacks always advises. And the advice he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1935.4s	1935.4	 gave to Trump, which is never apologize. And he apologized, Dom apologized and took the tweet down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1941.4s	1941.4	 which then the mob really went after him. And he said, I screwed up. And I'm extremely sorry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1948.9s	1948.9	 I have recently spent a lot of energy focused on my fitness, eating and sleep in my enthusiasm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1953.4s	1953.4	 for my new fitness regime. I posted a tweet that was meant to celebrate my new healthy lifestyle,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1958.6s	1958.6	 but that's not how it came across. And I see now how incredibly sensitive my original tweet was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1965.8s	1965.8	 With all the problems that we have that need fixing. I mean, this is what people were focused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1971.8s	1971.8	 on this. But here's the kicker of the apology. This is something I really need to improve on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1977.8s	1977.8	 And I will. Well, no, I'm not making fun of him. I just think it's sad that he came to that. What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1982.0s	1982.0	 the hell is going on? I mean, don't apologize. If you believe being healthier is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1988.4s	1988.4	 good, then you should say it and you know, we'll let the chips roll. People can debate it. But I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1993.0s	1993.0	 mean, can't we have a debate about that? Because this is in the middle of a COVID crisis. When the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=1998.2s	1998.2	 top two vectors are age and obesity, period. If you're fat, you die from COVID. That's how it works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2005.0s	2005.0	 And you got both those problems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2008.3s	2008.3	 You're old and fat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2010.5s	2010.5	 You guys didn't say stupid. All right, I'm doing good today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2014.6s	2014.6	 All right. Today in all in nonsense, apparently, there's so much money in the system that an NFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2021.8s	2021.8	 just sold for $69 million. After we talked about the previous one, Billy bought for $6 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2027.4s	2027.4	 I don't know that he bought it for $6 million. But somebody bought one last week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2030.5s	2030.5	 NFT seemed like a real thing. It's reasonable to trade stuff, but $69 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2036.0s	2036.0	 I think it's incredible. I mean, like, like the I saw the breakdown of like the number of bidders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2041.3s	2041.3	 here, let me actually just get this data up, because I think you guys will find it really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2045.2s	2045.2	 incredible. My thesis on this or my theory rather is that there are a bunch of people who have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2052.0s	2052.0	 stakes in these crypto assets. And then they all premeditate decide to buy up these NFTs to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2059.7s	2059.7	 the market started. And then once it started, like Jason, that's honestly art, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2065.8s	2065.8	 You know this, but I've been buying art for a decade plus. And this is exactly how it works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2070.0s	2070.0	 in the art market. You know, we go in there, certain people will go and buy. And then what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2074.8s	2074.8	 the gallerist says is, Oh, did you know that Chamath just bought this piece or such and such
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2078.2s	2078.2	 a person bought this other piece? And then all of a sudden the price spins up and then they feed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2082.1s	2082.1	 into it. I mean, this is where, you know, an enormous amount of money has been made by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2086.2s	2086.2	 gallerists over the last 20 or 30 years. Now it just happens in a different medium. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2091.1s	2091.1	 bidding breakdown, by the way, of this NFT is incredible. 33 active bidders, 91% of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2096.9s	2096.9	 bidders were new to Christie's, 55% came from the Americas, 27% of bidders were from Europe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2103.6s	2103.6	 and 18% were in Asia. The age breakdown is the most interesting. 6% were Gen Z, so 97 to 2012,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2111.6s	2111.6	 58% of bidders were millennials, 94 between 81 and 96. 33% Gen Xers and 3% baby boomers. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2120.1s	2120.1	 this is really like a transitional change in, you know, basically deciding what's valuable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2125.4s	2125.4	 And I don't think this was any different than, you know, when you had this transition from,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2129.8s	2129.8	 you know, sort of impressionist in the art world. Like if you moved from the body of work where,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2134.2s	2134.2	 you know, these impressionist paintings were just going for high tens, low hundreds of millions of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2139.0s	2139.0	 dollars. And I think it peaked around Van Gogh. And then, you know, basically it went from there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2144.7s	2144.7	 off of a cliff where you can basically give away impressionist paintings. And everything went to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2149.3s	2149.3	 contemporary and, you know, sort of like this postmodern stuff. And that was a decisional change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2154.7s	2154.7	 by boomers. What does give away mean to you, Trimoth?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2160.6s	2160.6	 Hey, you know tens of millions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2166.2s	2166.2	 So I think on the NFT stuff and Beeple, Beeple is the artist. There's two things going on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2171.7s	2171.7	 right? So one is on a technology level, NFTs, non-fungible tokens. They are, it's a legitimate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2177.8s	2177.8	 technology for creating provenance on a blockchain. You know, if a piece of art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2183.9s	2183.9	 basically gets put on a blockchain, you have perfect provenance. But that doesn't mean that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2187.8s	2187.8	 all NFTs are valuable. In fact, most of them won't be. It's just a technology.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2192.9s	2192.9	 Then you have the other thing that's happening is on an art level, what these sort of prestige
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2198.5s	2198.5	 galleries and so on, they're saying that Beeple is now a major artist. And the reason someone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2204.2s	2204.2	 becomes a major artist is because they usher in like, or become representative of some new wave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2209.6s	2209.6	 of art. Like Trimoth is saying, you've got impressionism, you've got modernism. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2213.4s	2213.4	 the reason why Jackson Pollock sells for whatever, a hundred million dollars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2217.1s	2217.1	 No, no, no. Three hundred to six hundred.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2219.6s	2219.6	 Okay. It's because he represents an important wave in art. And some of those waves fizzle out and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2225.5s	2225.5	 they turn into Ponzi schemes and some of them become real. And people are speculating that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2229.5s	2229.5	 this digital art will be a major wave. And they're saying that Beeple is the most important artist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2234.6s	2234.6	 And they're kind of betting on that. Now, do I think it's going to last? I don't know. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2240.5s	2240.5	 hard to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2241.9s	2241.9	 No, you said the key thing though. The key feature of NFTs, which I think is amazing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2245.4s	2245.4	 is that you can actually have ownership and provenance written into a blockchain. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2249.7s	2249.7	 you take that abstraction, you can apply it to all kinds of surface areas and it makes a ton of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2254.6s	2254.6	 sense. Any kind of other asset would make sense if you own a car, if you own clothes, if you own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2260.3s	2260.3	 watches, if you own wine, what happens if you own a house. Now, all of a sudden, if you can prove
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2266.1s	2266.1	 ownership over this stuff, not only can you trade it, but you can also borrow against it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2270.6s	2270.6	 And I think that that is a really interesting idea where once you financialize all of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2276.1s	2276.1	 physical assets that we own, you do eliminate an enormous amount of inequality in the system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2283.5s	2283.5	 because you can actually get real transparent pricing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2285.7s	2285.7	 Like now could you-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2286.6s	2286.6	 Yeah. Blockchains are a ledger, right? They're a perfect ledger system. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2291.0s	2291.0	 like everything, every type of possession that relies on title should eventually be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2297.0s	2297.0	 blockchained. So, art's a good example. I helped found a company back in 2017 called Harbor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2303.3s	2303.3	 which was a blockchaining real estate and then I'm getting acquired.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2309.3s	2309.3	 So, now-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2309.9s	2309.9	 Acquired or acquired?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2311.8s	2311.8	 No, I got acquired. Don't worry, Chamath. We're going to make money. We're going to make money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2318.7s	2318.7	 As an LP, I just wanted a clarification.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2320.6s	2320.6	 Yeah. No, we're not going to make like SPAC type money, but we'll make a little bit of money on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2324.7s	2324.7	 that deal. So, don't worry. But yeah, look, I think we're in the early, early stages of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2331.3s	2331.3	 type of technology. You're going to see eventually blockchaining of every type of asset where title
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2336.2s	2336.2	 is important.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2336.7s	2336.7	 David, I think that this is such an amazing idea because like if you think of all of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2340.5s	2340.5	 opaque lending markets where people can't get access to reasonable cost of capital and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2345.8s	2345.8	 own assets, you end up in these crazy worlds where like if you look at the housing crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2351.5s	2351.5	 or the great financial crisis, there was like so much crazy lending, but behind that lending was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2356.5s	2356.5	 double, triple mortgages. It's happening right now in the car market. All of that stuff doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2361.3s	2361.3	 necessarily need to exist because if you have clear provenance and the ability to price risk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2365.8s	2365.8	 you just get people can borrow a reasonable amount of money at a reasonable rate and pay it back and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2371.6s	2371.6	 you can trade assets, you could sell assets. It's a really big deal, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2375.5s	2375.5	 I think if you take a zoom out on the notion of what an NFT represents, it doesn't feel too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2383.0s	2383.0	 dissimilar from other, what I would argue is like non-productive assets. If you think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2389.4s	2389.4	 where one's capital goes, where an individual puts their capital, the first thing is essentials,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2395.8s	2395.8	 right? Things you need like food and medicine and housing and clothing and whatnot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2400.6s	2400.6	 Then you enter into these non-extended discretionary spending for a consumer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2406.6s	2406.6	 nice stuff, nice clothes, luxury goods, things that are basically going to diminish.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2410.4s	2410.4	 Then as you think about allocating the leftover capital, you're either going to allocate your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2414.4s	2414.4	 leftover capital into investable assets that are either productive or non-productive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2418.5s	2418.5	 A productive asset is something you buy that you expect to return. It produces some value for you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2424.4s	2424.4	 as you own it, such as owning a home where you get the value of living in it or owning a car where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2429.4s	2429.4	 you get the utility of driving around in it or owning a bond which is used in a coupon or a stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2436.3s	2436.3	 that's going to generate cash flows at some point in the future, theoretically.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2440.9s	2440.9	 The non-productive assets are these assets that are just not designed to do that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2444.6s	2444.6	 but they're a store of value that you expect at some point to realize some return
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2449.8s	2449.8	 because someone else will pay a higher price to you for that non-productive asset. This is like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2454.3s	2454.3	 a piece of art or some piece of gold or something, something that you hold or more increasingly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2461.9s	2461.9	 digital assets. It seems like the explosion in digital assets is, as Jason pointed out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2467.8s	2467.8	 at the beginning, as we've moved to a highly overvalued segment of productive assets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2473.8s	2473.8	 that market is very frothy. It's very difficult to find productive assets that are worth putting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2477.8s	2477.8	 capital into. There's continually more interest in non-productive assets across the board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2483.0s	2483.0	 because there's excess capital in the system. It turns out that when that happens, there's enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2488.0s	2488.0	 of a market dynamic that emerges in non-productive assets that gives people a reason to put their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2492.0s	2492.0	 capital in and expect to have a return on them in the future. As soon as the market starts shrinking,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2496.4s	2496.4	 as soon as you start having effects that are deflationary, money will pour out of that market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2501.6s	2501.6	 in general. That's always what happens with the art market and has for hundreds of years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2507.0s	2507.0	 It's the digital means of realizing that same market transition that Jamal talked about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2511.6s	2511.6	 My question is, do you get the rights? I guess this is dependent on the terms that are set in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2517.5s	2517.5	 the smart contract, but in the case of the people, if I were to buy it for 69 million,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2522.2s	2522.2	 do I have the rights to it so that I can print t-shirts and sell $100 t-shirts?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2527.0s	2527.0	 That's a great question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2527.3s	2527.3	 Or can I create 10,000 more of these? Can I monetize it, is what I'm asking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2532.2s	2532.2	 That's a great, great, great question. I don't know, but that's a fabulous question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2535.9s	2535.9	 By the way, as you pointed out, the artist and other folks have rights to art,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2542.6s	2542.6	 even though the original painting is what's sold. The original master of a Bruce Springsteen song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2550.2s	2550.2	 could be sold to a collector, but the rights on that track for reproducing it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2555.1s	2555.1	 making money off it are owned by a publishing house.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2557.4s	2557.4	 So you can own the physical magnetic tape, but not own the rights to exploit it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2561.5s	2561.5	 And over time, those rights fall away. So if you think about what that NFT represents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2565.2s	2565.2	 it represents that particular chain of electrons. And this is these bits that represent this image.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2573.4s	2573.4	 Can people make 100 more and then sell those?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2576.1s	2576.1	 He could change one pixel, theoretically, or two pixels, and he could go print a bunch of stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2580.8s	2580.8	 and go sell it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2581.6s	2581.6	 Not really, because those images were ones that he had. He had this rhythm of creating one a day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2586.0s	2586.0	 I think, for a very long period of time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2587.0s	2587.0	 And he contributed them all into this master, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2589.2s	2589.2	 Exactly. So it's a one of one. Another interesting one of one that just happened was these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2596.7s	2596.7	 performance artists, or I guess underground digital artists, bought a Banksy for $125,000.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2604.6s	2604.6	 I get thousands and millions confused.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2609.4s	2609.4	 All right, everybody. You're welcome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2611.0s	2611.0	 That's a deuce joke.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2612.0s	2612.0	 The hashtag you want to use for this episode is hashtag cancel Chamath. Go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2615.4s	2615.4	 Yeah. Good luck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2616.5s	2616.5	 Please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2617.6s	2617.6	 Good luck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2620.1s	2620.1	 Anyways, these four guys bought this Banksy for $125,000. They brought it to a warehouse in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2627.3s	2627.3	 Brooklyn. They took a high-res image of it. So they took a picture of it, and they created a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2635.3s	2635.3	 one of one NFT, right? Then they created a YouTube video of them burning the original Banksy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2643.0s	2643.0	 Oh.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2643.8s	2643.8	 So now all you had was the digital manifestation of this physical thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2651.1s	2651.1	 Wait for it. And then they sold it for $350,000. So they 3X their money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2657.5s	2657.5	 It's the most incredible story. I can find the link, and I'll put it in the show notes as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2663.2s	2663.2	 But it just shows you what's happening. And then I also think, last thing on NFTs, I saw that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2667.1s	2667.1	 I think it was like Kings of Leon just put out an album, and it's like 50 bucks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2671.5s	2671.5	 for a song or something like that. And it comes with a bunch of interesting content.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2675.1s	2675.1	 So it's the beginning of something, guys. I just think that you need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2679.8s	2679.8	 popular content to get this movement going. But it seems to me like this is what people want to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2686.2s	2686.2	 They want to own digital assets. They want to have provenance. They want to have custodial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2690.2s	2690.2	 relationships with it. They want to basically-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2692.6s	2692.6	 But it's like art and posters, right? Anyone can put the poster up in their room.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2697.1s	2697.1	 Anyone can buy a copy for five bucks. But who owns the original? And owning the original may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2701.6s	2701.6	 be visually identical, may be graphically identical. But it is truly about that notion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2707.8s	2707.8	 of that theoretical human mind construct of ownership that creates that distinction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2713.7s	2713.7	 And you just effectively have to count on other human minds believing the same thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2717.7s	2717.7	 in the future for you to be able to reclaim that monetary value, or you're going to take a loss on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2723.9s	2723.9	 it. I mean, Chamath, have you ever sold art that you've bought?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2727.4s	2727.4	 I've sold very little. I tend to buy and accumulate with this idea of eventually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2733.8s	2733.8	 endowing something with just because it's like, I think there are two ways to buy art. One is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2737.8s	2737.8	 speculatively, and the other one is to tell a story. I took the second path. And so it's stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2745.0s	2745.0	 that means a lot to me. So it's hard for me to part with it, even though it sits in a freeport
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2749.4s	2749.4	 in Delaware. So it's not exactly out and about with this idea that at some points, people will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2755.0s	2755.0	 get to really enjoy it once- By the way, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2756.9s	2756.9	 one of the things that happens in the art world, and correct me if I'm wrong on this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2759.6s	2759.6	 but you buy this art and you don't ever, a lot of art doesn't get resold. So everyone kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2764.4s	2764.4	 buys it under the notion that it's going to be worth more in the future and they can sell it for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2767.7s	2767.7	 more. But very few people actually do end up selling it. No, no, no. So here's the-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2772.4s	2772.4	 Well, I guess in the trading market, right? But I mean, generally, a lot of collectors end up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2776.9s	2776.9	 endowing art or gifting it. And when you gift it, you get an appraisal done and you get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2782.5s	2782.5	 deduction on the appraised value, right? And so- You can definitely do it that way. So one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2787.6s	2787.6	 interesting story is that one of the large auction houses has a financial arm. And the most incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2794.2s	2794.2	 thing is over the last 50 years, their cumulative default rate was 30 basis points on their book.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2803.0s	2803.0	 Like cumulatively, not like a year or a month, but ever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2808.1s	2808.1	 Nobody defaults.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2810.1s	2810.1	 Well, because they borrow money for the purposes of maybe buying other things or whatever, and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2814.4s	2814.4	 they will very, you know, trade out of things and trade up to things and trade across things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2820.8s	2820.8	 But it's a very vibrant market of buying and selling. It just happens to be very informal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2827.0s	2827.0	 and a little bit closed and very much for insiders. And, you know, another reason that I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2832.4s	2832.4	 NFTs will change because it will change this is that it just makes it available to everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2838.0s	2838.0	 because you put all art on a very level playing field. And really, at the end of the day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2842.2s	2842.2	 what is art? It's a commentary on society. And I think that having that level of transparency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2846.6s	2846.6	 on that kind of stuff is, I think, is going to be really valuable because you don't want one or two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2850.8s	2850.8	 people who you fundamentally disagree with as being a tastemaker for a kind of art that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2854.9s	2854.9	 think is fundamentally flawed, right? You'd rather- It's just, it's no different than being able to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2859.5s	2859.5	 to 95 different media sites to read the content you want or, you know, being able to listen to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2864.2s	2864.2	 a thousand different kinds of music. All of it in its totality is a commentary on society. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2869.2s	2869.2	 I think what society says is we want transparency and we want choice. And this is where I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2874.3s	2874.3	 like, that's why I think NFTs are- So I think this is a good dovetail into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2879.4s	2879.4	 what's happening with the stimulus bill and where we started, which was, is this even necessary?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2884.6s	2884.6	 We have stimulus checks going out in the amount of $2,000 per individual in households with under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2891.1s	2891.1	 $150,000, I believe is the income level, which means people who were not impacted financially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2899.5s	2899.5	 in any way by what's happened under COVID are going to get in a family of five, $10,000 checks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2906.3s	2906.3	 even if nobody was laid off or- That's only like 9% of the bill, Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2911.0s	2911.0	 Yeah. I mean, so it's- It was 450 million out of 1.9 trillion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2916.0s	2916.0	 So what do we think the impact- I sort of have two questions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2918.4s	2918.4	 I have a working theory. Oh, sorry. Go ahead, Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2920.6s	2920.6	 What are your general thoughts on this? Is it necessary? And then two, what's the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2924.2s	2924.2	 what are the second order effects that we each predict will happen over the next 18 months when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2930.0s	2930.0	 all of this capital gets injected? So the latter is what I've been focused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2933.8s	2933.8	 on trying to figure out. And I saw some really interesting data, which basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2938.2s	2938.2	 I'll ask you guys the question, because maybe you guys know the answer, but if you measure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2942.3s	2942.3	 wealth inequality, when do you guys think was the most recent period where there was the least
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2951.0s	2951.0	 wealth inequality, the least? Sorry, how do you define that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2955.4s	2955.4	 You can measure it like the Gini index, or you can measure it as like, you know, the gap between the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2960.0s	2960.0	 top decile and the bottom decile in terms of wealth and accumulated assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2965.0s	2965.0	 Well, would it be before the robber barons? No, it was the-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2968.6s	2968.6	 Or between the robber barons and now? The period of the least inequality in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2972.4s	2972.4	 recent history was in the late 70s, which is an incredible stat to say where the gap between the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2977.5s	2977.5	 top decile and the bottom decile was like, you know, kind of like on an index, like 60,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2983.3s	2983.3	 65, whereas today it's sort of like at 100. Now, what happened then? And this is really interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2991.1s	2991.1	 Wasn't that an inflationary period? There you go. So what happened? And as it turns out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=2996.9s	2996.9	 inflation is a phenomenal way to decrease- Levels of playing field.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3001.3s	3001.3	 Absolutely. It decreases people's richness. So it makes rich people poor. That's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3007.0s	3007.0	 the most effective tool that you have to recalibrate. It's very, very hard to redistribute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3012.7s	3012.7	 money. And I think every attempt at doing that has largely failed. But the one consistent way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3018.2s	3018.2	 and if you go back periods before that, you know, into the beginning of the-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3022.0s	3022.0	 But in an inflationary environment, borrowing costs go up. So, you know, businesses and people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3027.6s	3027.6	 that rely on borrowing to grow their net worth or investing assets to grow their net worth kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3031.9s	3031.9	 suffer more than people that would have a home, have a, you know, wages go up in an inflationary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3036.6s	3036.6	 environment, right? Wages go up, which actually, if you think about like what you said before,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3040.9s	3040.9	 like, you know, as people get wealthier, they move their money into, you know, essentially,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3045.7s	3045.7	 financial assets and away from sort of like working assets. And when, you know, interest rates go up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3050.7s	3050.7	 and the risk-free rate goes up, then the attractiveness of those assets go down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3055.4s	3055.4	 Yeah. And so what happens is shares and technology companies go down. But what actually also happens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3061.0s	3061.0	 is that your cost of capital for a traditional business, because it's higher, they have to then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3066.3s	3066.3	 charge more, which means that they're paying their employees more. And those folks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3071.2s	3071.2	 on a marginal basis, tend to then, you know, take those dollars and spend those dollars. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3076.6s	3076.6	 inflation is this very productive mechanism of actually redistributing wealth and actually-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3081.7s	3081.7	 Homeowners benefit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3083.0s	3083.0	 Homeowners benefit as well. But like, you know, it shrinks the wealth inequality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3089.5s	3089.5	 Mild inflation is probably good. It's better than probably deflation. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3098.5s	3098.5	 if it tips over into hyperinflation, then it destroys everyone's savings, right? And rich
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3103.4s	3103.4	 people have the ability to protect their assets against inflation a lot better than middle-class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3107.4s	3107.4	 people do. So, you know, you look at like Venezuela, Weimar Germany, hyperinflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3112.2s	3112.2	 People got out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3113.4s	3113.4	 Yeah. Hyperinflation destroyed the value of the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3117.7s	3117.7	 Where are we seeing inflation? Where do we anticipate we'll see inflation? I saw today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3121.4s	3121.4	 Tesla's, Tesla raised the price on all their cars except for two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3124.9s	3124.9	 Well, they have to because the inputs of, you know, if you think about like, if you break down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3128.7s	3128.7	 a Tesla and you look at where the money goes, the money really is in the batteries. And if you break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3132.6s	3132.6	 down the batteries, it goes into three critical inputs, lithium, nickel, and cobalt. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3136.2s	3136.2	 prices are highly suspect and they're very poorly predicted. And so, the cost of Teslas are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3143.7s	3143.7	 go up by 20 or 30%. And there's nothing that Tesla could do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3148.9s	3148.9	 And by the way, you'll see this across all commodity products if inflation takes hold in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3153.8s	3153.8	 a meaningful way, including, you know, food products, ag products, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3160.7s	3160.7	 all commodities, you know, metals. But the businesses that will benefit the most,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3165.9s	3165.9	 and this is really interesting from a technology perspective, and I think it played in part,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3169.8s	3169.8	 my understanding is speaking to a number of PMs about this portfolio managers at funds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3175.2s	3175.2	 is that, you know, technology companies don't have a lot of hard assets. And so, they have less kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3180.7s	3180.7	 of, you know, value accretion, and they don't play in a commodity supply chain. So, it's much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3186.0s	3186.0	 more difficult for a technology company to say raise rates by 30%, whereas a food company can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3190.3s	3190.3	 raise rates by 30%. One of the ways to look at this is to look at the, you know, the book value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3196.2s	3196.2	 or the capex, you know, property, plant and equipment of a business and businesses that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3199.8s	3199.8	 have a lot of P&E are generally going to do better in an inflationary environment. They're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3205.0s	3205.0	 have more throughput on that P&E, they're going to have higher dollars per unit of P&E. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3210.6s	3210.6	 you'll see, you know, this is why there was a shift of dollars into what are traditionally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3213.9s	3213.9	 called kind of value stocks or, you know, kind of bigger industrial companies away from, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3218.9s	3218.9	 softer kind of tech companies, which don't really benefit from this inflationary trend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3223.9s	3223.9	 And so, there's going to be, you know, some sort of play out in those sorts of products,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3227.6s	3227.6	 probably more J. Calvin. I think, David, do we see it in SaaS? Because I've noticed that SaaS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3233.4s	3233.4	 prices are going up, and that people are just keep adding to the price of these SaaS products. I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3239.3s	3239.3	 pricing out all the virtual conference, you know, stuff like hop in and all that air meet and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3244.7s	3244.7	 whatever. And I was just shocked at how much they wanted to charge, you know, 1550 $100,000 a year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3250.3s	3250.3	 And I was like, but can I use like zoom in this for that, you know, in a chat room, slack room?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3255.1s	3255.1	 And are we going to see it happen in SaaS, where people are going to start raising the prices and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3258.9s	3258.9	 just increase their profit margin because their employees are going to demand more money? Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3262.3s	3262.3	 they're part of the cycle? I think that's a function of pricing power going up for SaaS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3267.8s	3267.8	 companies, they become more established and entrenched. Those companies are very profitable,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3272.1s	3272.1	 I don't think they're experiencing wage pressure in any way. I think that they're just becoming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3276.6s	3276.6	 more successful, their pricing power is going up as they become not necessarily monopolist,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3280.8s	3280.8	 but as they have more market share and they dominate their categories, they can increase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3285.0s	3285.0	 prices. But I want to go back to this idea of the 1970s. So I want to challenge the idea that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3291.1s	3291.1	 US economy was doing well in the 1970s. So Chamath mentioned the Gini index, there was a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3297.5s	3297.5	 kind of metric called the misery index that was a much more popular index that was used around that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3305.6s	3305.6	 time. And the misery index was defined by a Brookings economist, and it was basically the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3311.7s	3311.7	 sum of the unemployment rate and the inflation rate. And in 1980, the misery index was 19.7%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3319.6s	3319.6	 This is why Ronald Reagan got elected is because you had a CPI, which the inflation rate of 12.5%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3327.6s	3327.6	 and then you had unemployment of another 7.2% on top of that. And the 1970s were, especially the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3337.4s	3337.4	 late 70s were an economic disaster for the country. So maybe things were more nominally equal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3343.3s	3343.3	 but everyone was more equally poor. And what you saw in the 1980s is that they got inflation under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3351.0s	3351.0	 control. Paul Volcker at the Fed broke inflation that lowered interest rates enormously that allowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3357.1s	3357.1	 people to buy homes, the stock market went up. And it was an economic boom. So I don't know that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3365.3s	3365.3	 idea that we want to introduce a lot of inflation into the system is a good idea. Like I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3369.8s	3369.8	 I think mild inflation of say, 2% is better than 2% deflation the other way. But I think we should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3377.4s	3377.4	 be very careful here about inflation and making sure it doesn't get out of control.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3384.6s	3384.6	 The other index to look at is the quality of life index, which is typically health care,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3391.5s	3391.5	 and then the property price to your income ratio, commuting, pollution,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3396.9s	3396.9	 safety, and those kinds of things. And the United States is 15th on that list with obviously the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3402.7s	3402.7	 Nordics and Australia, Germany, New Zealand, just being at the top of those rankings. In America,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3409.5s	3409.5	 we've never really thought about that, right? We don't really even discuss happiness, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3414.1s	3414.1	 and that in that quotient, we don't index for that happiness and low stress.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3418.5s	3418.5	 I think we're talking a lot about quality of life in San Francisco now, because that's a community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3422.6s	3422.6	 that's very rich and yet it's a miserable city to live in because crime is out of control.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3426.6s	3426.6	 You know, Jason, you and I have been focusing on this DA Chase Abudin, who's had an enormous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3432.2s	3432.2	 impact on people's quality of life because he's simply not prosecuting theft in the city.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3437.8s	3437.8	 There's actually, it was a crazy tweet where a city council member was inside City Hall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3444.2s	3444.2	 calling for a hearing on the rampant rise in theft in the city. And meanwhile, his car was broken into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3449.7s	3449.7	 right outside City Hall. I mean, you can't make this stuff up. And then the other thing that came
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3454.2s	3454.2	 out were a whole series of statistics about crime in San Francisco showing, or sorry, trials and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3459.4s	3459.4	 convictions. Basically, Chesa has not been conducting any trials. He hasn't been convicting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3465.5s	3465.5	 anyone. It turns out that the number of trials and convictions that he's gotten in the 14 months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3471.6s	3471.6	 he's been DA is one tenth of what Gascon got when he was DA. And by the way, Gascon's not the model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3478.5s	3478.5	 DA or anything. I mean, Gascon is facing a recall in LA for dereliction of duty and he's still 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3485.0s	3485.0	 times more productive than Chase Aboudin. Just a quick update. Many of you, when I mentioned the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3491.8s	3491.8	 GoFundMe to put a journalist on Chesa, if you just type in GoFundMe Chesa, C-H-E-S-A into the Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3501.0s	3501.0	 we had $8,000 since last week. So we have $58,000. That's going to a journalist and a data journalist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3506.2s	3506.2	 to cover this exact issue. So thanks to the folks who donated. I'm not taking any money from it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3510.3s	3510.3	 I'm donating obviously. Other than a small finder's fee. No, $0. I'm donating to it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3518.8s	3518.8	 I basically said I'll be 1% of it, whatever the final number is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3522.4s	3522.4	 I think the Marina Times has done a great job with this. There have been a couple other sources
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3527.1s	3527.1	 as well. But how dishonest was it? I mean, this has been a recurring theme on the pod, so I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3531.7s	3531.7	 want to touch on it. Chesa sent his little mouthpiece, his little minion, the high school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3535.9s	3535.9	 friend to go out and challenge us writing that blog post saying that it was a lie that Chesa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3542.1s	3542.1	 wasn't prosecuting anybody. And lo and behold, the numbers have come out. He tried to claim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3546.3s	3546.3	 that Chesa had the same rate of charging that Gascon did. And that was true. But the problem is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3553.0s	3553.0	 he's been pleading down all these charges. He's not taking anyone to trial. He's not convicting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3557.4s	3557.4	 anyone. He's certainly not locking anybody up. So I mean, what a lie that was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3562.5s	3562.5	 Well, and criminals are just so savvy that they actually understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3567.3s	3567.3	 what the chances are of them actually getting convicted. And they shape their grift and their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3572.6s	3572.6	 crime to whatever the environment they're in is. Just like people who deal drugs, just like people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3577.9s	3577.9	 who take these hardcore fentanyl drugs, they just pick the market where they're going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3582.6s	3582.6	 most welcome. So they're not going to do it down in Palo Alto or San Mateo or Mill Valley.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3587.0s	3587.0	 They're going to do it on Turk Street. Yeah. So I think that's how it starts. But I got to tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3591.7s	3591.7	 you, you know, I'm in LA right now and there was an episode like last week at Il Pistai.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3599.4s	3599.4	 Oh, yes. It's on Cannon Street and downtown Beverly Hills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3604.2s	3604.2	 The number one Italian place where all the celebrities go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3607.1s	3607.1	 It's a great Italian place. There's a lot of outdoor seating. There was basically a mugging.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3612.5s	3612.5	 Someone was just sitting at a table. Apparently they were wearing a really nice watch. And they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3618.6s	3618.6	 were robbed at gunpoint in the middle of the restaurant. Lunchtime. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3623.8s	3623.8	 Lunchtime. And then there was a struggle over the gun. I don't know why the guy just didn't hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3627.5s	3627.5	 over the watch, but anyway, he struggled over the gun. Four shots went off. One of them bounced off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3632.4s	3632.4	 the concrete and hit a woman in the leg. Oh my God. So this is like crazy. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3636.6s	3636.6	 it's getting out of hand. Sounds like San Paulo where they chop people's arms off for the watch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3641.0s	3641.0	 I mean, they literally will drive by apparently and just cut your arm off if they can't, if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3645.2s	3645.2	 don't give them the watch. Well, I just, you know, the criminals are starting to feel emboldened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3648.7s	3648.7	 because Gascon and Boudin are not, they're not having trials. They're not prosecuting. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3653.0s	3653.0	 not locking people up. And so they're graduating to more and more serious offenses. I'm sure they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3657.8s	3657.8	 probably didn't want to shoot anybody or maybe that wasn't their intention. They just want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3661.8s	3661.8	 steal the watch, but it resulted in a shooting just like the deaths of Hannah Abe and Elizabeth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3667.8s	3667.8	 Platt when you had, you know, Troy McAllister, you know, hit them with the car. So, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3673.0s	3673.0	 the fact that we're not locking people up is resulting in people dying and a lot of risky,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3678.7s	3678.7	 very risky behavior. All right. As we wrap here, a lot of SPACs going out. We obviously saw another,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3685.3s	3685.3	 I guess, Roblox was a direct listing. I'm just curious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3689.5s	3689.5	 Only underpriced by 50%. Same problem as the IPO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3694.3s	3694.3	 So basically what you're saying is Bill Gurley's on his headset, walking around El Camino Real.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3701.8s	3701.8	 No, what I'm saying is, irrespective of what the goals of the direct listing were,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3709.3s	3709.3	 the result is the same as a traditional IPO. There you go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3713.3s	3713.3	 Can I give a shout out to a company that David Sachs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3716.6s	3716.6	 Sure. Oh, Pipe?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3719.1s	3719.1	 Yes. Which is an incredible company that basically like helps you capitalize your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3724.6s	3724.6	 contracts with your customers. And it's just basically this incredible thing that I'm seeing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3730.5s	3730.5	 And there's a couple of others that do it as well. Clear Bank is another one. But you can fund your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3736.2s	3736.2	 company non-dilutably. And at some point, I think we should actually talk about the state of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3740.6s	3740.6	 union in venture. Maybe we can do that in a couple of next episodes. I have a lot of thoughts on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3744.2s	3744.2	 where I think venture capital is going. And when I see things like Pipe, I'm just like completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3749.5s	3749.5	 so happy because I just think it's going to change the way in which venture investing is done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3757.0s	3757.0	 It's a very brilliant idea. You can go to pipe.com slash twist to get 12 months free.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3761.4s	3761.4	 Pipe.com is a two-sided marketplace. If you have reoccurring SaaS revenue or any kind of reoccurring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3767.9s	3767.9	 revenue, somebody did it with the sub stack. So I think Pomp Liano, the guy who pumps Bitcoin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3774.9s	3774.9	 he has a newsletter that makes whatever quarter million dollars a year. He sold for 95 cents on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3782.0s	3782.0	 the dollar his forward looking subscriptions for the year and bought Bitcoin with it when it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3786.5s	3786.5	 at 35. So he's like doubling down. But if you're a SaaS company, and we have many of them in our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3792.1s	3792.1	 portfolios, you could take all of your monthly contracts, sell them on the marketplace to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3797.2s	3797.2	 somebody else, not pipe pipe doesn't buy it. It's some other financial person who says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3801.8s	3801.8	 I'll give you 94 cents on the dollar, give you 92 cents on the dollar, give you 85 cents on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3805.2s	3805.2	 dollar. And so if you were if you have a $10 million book of business, paying monthly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3810.9s	3810.9	 you can get that 10 million now and deploy it. But Jason, I think this is a good this is a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3816.5s	3816.5	 maybe way to end. But I think let's agree that the next pod let's talk let's start with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3820.6s	3820.6	 future venture capital. 100% I mean, it's changing dramatically, it's changing dramatically. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3825.5s	3825.5	 think these non dilutive ways of growing a company will completely impact pricing, you know, pre money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3830.5s	3830.5	 post money, the amount of equity that employees can and should own in these businesses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3835.8s	3835.8	 You know, what is the value of brands like, you know, it like, people will know who David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3840.3s	3840.3	 Sachs is, who Harry Hearst is, people that sincerely don't even care anymore, like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3845.3s	3845.3	 hey, if I'm calling from Sequoia, what does that mean anymore? They're gonna say who from Sequoia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3850.2s	3850.2	 is called. So these are all really interesting topics that I think are worth talking about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3854.1s	3854.1	 Another path is just the public markets, you know, right? I mean, public markets are becoming the new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3858.0s	3858.0	 late stage private market. And it's really, you know, both the SPAC and early stage IPO and direct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3863.1s	3863.1	 listing models are changing dramatically. And it's and there's more speculative risk seeking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3870.1s	3870.1	 in the public markets in a way that I don't think we've ever seen. And it's creating an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3875.4s	3875.4	 opportunity for companies that are still, you know, what in a traditional kind of sense might be called,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3882.1s	3882.1	 you know, early stage or still businesses with a lot of risk being able to go public and, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3886.9s	3886.9	 kind of take their companies out and let the public markets wager on how well they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3891.6s	3891.6	 to execute and how well they're going to be able to develop their product or their market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3895.6s	3895.6	 And it's, by the way, it's something we've seen historically with biotech, where there's kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3898.6s	3898.6	 very binary kind of bets that happen and binary outcomes, because the markets are known, and you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3902.9s	3902.9	 don't need to kind of productize or build a business around it. But now we're actually taking both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3906.3s	3906.3	 business risk, market risk, technology risk, product risk, to the public market at all stages.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3911.8s	3911.8	 And I think you're going to see these, these scenarios where people will build public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3916.8s	3916.8	 portfolios, public company portfolios that will perform a lot like venture portfolios, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3922.0s	3922.0	 You'll have one or two businesses that'll have a 10-bagger and, you know, a chunk that'll go to zero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3927.0s	3927.0	 and a chunk that'll have some modest return on them. And it's going to be, yeah, it's going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3931.0s	3931.0	 this tremendous learning experience because a lot of people will put all their money into one stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3934.2s	3934.2	 that they think has already been made. It's already done things. It's Netflix. It's Netflix.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3939.4s	3939.4	 You know, their promise of the future is 100% certain. And the reality is their promise of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3943.8s	3943.8	 future is 5% certain. And so depending on the price you're entering and how many of these things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3947.9s	3947.9	 you buy, you could build a portfolio that could have a good return. But it's, it's going to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3952.2s	3952.2	 lot of speculative betting and a lot of losses. And if you don't diversify, you're going to lose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3956.4s	3956.4	 a lot of money. And, you know, so the question is also, how does it evolve regulatory wise?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3960.4s	3960.4	 Chamath, how are you communicating that to the market? Because you'll have some specs that go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3964.6s	3964.6	 out. I would think Virgin Galactic is in that more like they're a deep tech researching phase,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3970.6s	3970.6	 and then you have other ones that are already, you know, churning the, the ringing the register,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3975.8s	3975.8	 right? So how do you communicate that to retail investors or the audience or that's up to them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3980.2s	3980.2	 to do the research? How do you think about that? I mean, there's as well as the bad inventory that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3984.6s	3984.6	 getting added. No, look, I do a tweet storm. I do a one pager. I have a multi hour detailed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=3992.5s	3992.5	 investor presentation that's taped. And then we have a typically a 100 to 300 page S four. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4001.2s	4001.2	 you can ingress into finding out the true story of a business at whatever point you want. It really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4005.4s	4005.4	 just does come down to doing your work. I mean, a lot of the folks on Twitter, you know, when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4009.2s	4009.2	 see the market straight down and they complain, my reaction is stop crying and do your own work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4014.7s	4014.7	 And there's an, like, we have complete transparency in this process. So it is up to people to do their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4019.8s	4019.8	 job. And the thing that I think is happening right now is people think that they don't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4024.0s	4024.0	 to do a job and that money is free and it's not, it's hard to make it. It's hard to make good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4028.0s	4028.0	 investments. It's hard to build a company. Everything is hard. Nothing is really easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4032.1s	4032.1	 because if it was easy, everybody would be doing it all the time. And so that's, that's what I would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4036.7s	4036.7	 love to leave people with. I really got to go guys. I love you guys. Let's, but let's start with venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4041.0s	4041.0	 capital next week. Yeah. Love you boys. Free. David's love you. Love you. David's back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4045.3s	4045.3	 I love you guys. I love you. I love you. I love you. I do love you. I mean, we love each other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4053.9s	4053.9	 and we can say it. And then the guys on this side, love you. They're working on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4057.8s	4057.8	 Bye guys. Look at, look at Jake out, dragging it out. Stop dragging everything out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4062.1s	4062.1	 We're dragging it out because we love you, David. We'll see you all next time. Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4076.0s	4076.0	 Red pills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4081.8s	4081.8	 I've been on a bender on these red pills, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4091.6s	4091.6	 I've been on a bender on these red pills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4099.2s	4099.2	 I've been on a bender on these red pills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4105.8s	4105.8	 I've been on a bender on these red pills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4113.0s	4113.0	 I've been on a bender on these red pills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4119.0s	4119.0	 Miami.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4119.8s	4119.8	 These Miami.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4130.8s	4130.8	 I'm ready to go. I need more red pills. What a joke. Get me those red pills from Miami.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4139.4s	4139.4	 David gave me just a huge bag of red pills.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4142.2s	4142.2	 I'm ready to go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4153.0s	4153.0	 You see me. You've seen enough.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4163.5s	4163.5	 God, these Miami.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrx8d_TIrz0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=111&t=4172.2s	4172.2	 I'm ready to go. All right. Anybody give a shit about NFTs.
