https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=0.0s	0.0	 Hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome to the All In Podcast with us today again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=6.5s	6.5	 the queen of quinoa, David Friedberg, David Sachs, the Rain Man himself, and of course,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=11.8s	11.8	 the dictator here Chamath. And let's get ready. It's time. Chamath and Sachs. Here it comes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=23.4s	23.4	 everybody. Sachs is ready. In the red corner, representing Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=34.6s	34.6	 and rich people everywhere, David the Rain Man Sachs. Somebody's gotta do it. And in the blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=41.7s	41.7	 corner, representing LBJ. The underserved, the forgotten, the underdogs, the woke left,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=52.5s	52.5	 Chamath, Walu Baba, Aaliyah and they've just gone crazy with them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=63.3s	63.3	 And, and I will also be representing John F Kennedy who said, arising who said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=71.7s	71.7	 arising of the rising of the rising star is coming up. And I wanted to welcome John F and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=82.0s	82.0	 arising tide lifts all boat and maybe even some Bill Clinton, Bill Clinton,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=85.6s	85.6	 Bill Clinton. I was going to say, don't forget the champion of the left and the right. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=91.2s	91.2	 Bill Clinton did a great job. He ended. He ended the welfare state.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=95.1s	95.1	 All right. So here we go, folks. In, in show housekeeping, we do need to point out that we,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=104.3s	104.3	 we've been running some polls. The fans of the show have been running polls and I don't even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=109.8s	109.8	 know why I'm bringing this up because I got barbecued in them, but we have three polls.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=115.1s	115.1	 We need to share with the audience from Twitter. The first is if you could have just one of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=119.7s	119.7	 all in pod besties to mentor you and your startup growth, who would it be and why looks like rain,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=125.1s	125.1	 man, you ran away with that one with 39% the dictator with 34 Queen of Kenwa coming in at 17
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=131.2s	131.2	 and Uber's their fourth investor came in with the measly 8%. I will tell you this is, this is why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=137.0s	137.0	 83% of startups fail. They choose the wrong mentor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=142.7s	142.7	 Perfect. So I was, I was proud to win this one, but the truth is so Tramoth was slightly ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=148.9s	148.9	 and then I put my thumb on the scale by retweeting the poll. Cause obviously my followers are more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=153.0s	153.0	 likely to vote for me. So then I shot ahead and I kept real quiet cause I didn't want to mouth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=160.3s	160.3	 retweeting it to his 1.2 million followers. And if he had done that, he probably would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=164.4s	164.4	 blown me out of the water, but I kept real quiet until the time elapsed. And then I,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=168.8s	168.8	 and then I shared it with the group. No, nobody keeps a track of followers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=173.2s	173.2	 but it's actually closer to 1.5. The only person who knows your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=178.9s	178.9	 follower count better than you Tramoth is Phil Hellmuth. Actually every morning, Phil Hellmuth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=186.5s	186.5	 subscribe, uh, subtracts his number of subscribers from yours to know the net.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=191.4s	191.4	 All right. Second poll came up. Thanks Matt for this, by the way, Matt Yarger, no friend of mine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=197.1s	197.1	 All right. Per request, let's do another poll and see the other side of this story. If you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=201.2s	201.2	 have just one of the all in pod besties moderate your podcast, who would you choose? And it turns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=207.9s	207.9	 out the dictator 31% to my 30.6% a full 1% more than me. I came in second world's best wingman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=218.4s	218.4	 and rain man 21% Queen of King wah 16%. And then most importantly, which bestie would you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=225.2s	225.2	 want in your, on your side in a bar fight? I will say it's Chimoth smooth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=228.6s	228.6	 velvety voice that, uh, that ran away from him here. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=232.8s	232.8	 Yes. I think, I think that, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=234.6s	234.6	 I think the audience is just trying to hurt Jason. I think they're just trying to hurt Jason. That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=239.2s	239.2	 was it. That was it. Jason has heard he's inadequate by more than 1% for a long time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=245.1s	245.1	 That's not the first time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=248.6s	248.6	 Usually it's measured in inches, not percentages. Somebody was dunking on me on Twitter and they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=253.2s	253.2	 like, you're the poorest of all your friends. I was like, that's the strategy. Always have more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=258.7s	258.7	 powerful and richer friends than you. Then you don't have to worry about picking up the check.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=263.1s	263.1	 Okay. Uh, and then there was another interesting AI breakthrough this week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=268.4s	268.4	 Wait, wait, wait. Did you talk about the bar fight? What was the bomb curious?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=270.8s	270.8	 The bar fight one, hold on. I, you're right. I didn't get to that one. Uh, the bar fight was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=277.5s	277.5	 oh, here we go. For some reason, these morons seem to think that your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=282.4s	282.4	 stick legs are going to help them in a fight. Bro, that's a bad, honestly, I need to correct this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=287.7s	287.7	 Like that was maybe bad lighting or a bad camera.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=290.2s	290.2	 I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=302.5s	302.5	 honestly, they're not there. Guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, honestly, come on. They are not as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=308.8s	308.8	 skinny as people seem to be railing. And honestly, I'm, I'm happy to, you know, if, if there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=314.5s	314.5	 standard way of measuring, okay, you know what, Jason, if there's a standard way, if somebody can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=319.5s	319.5	 tell us what is the standard way of measuring leg circumference, I'm happy to submit my, my,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=325.3s	325.3	 my measurements. I don't think they're that skinny. They're really, really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=329.5s	329.5	 interesting. It's super disturbing. You got a lot going on up top. I'm very proud of you, but below
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=335.3s	335.3	 the belt. It's not true, bro. I work on my legs a lot. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's my, it's legs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=340.6s	340.6	 and abs to keep your back strong. I will tell you guys one thing this podcast will win in a poll is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=346.0s	346.0	 the hosts talk about themselves more than any other podcast on the internet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=351.5s	351.5	 We need to talk about each other in order to make fun of each other. Yeah. This should be called the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=355.1s	355.1	 Naval Gaze podcast. So besties that you most wanted to fight Queen of Kenwa coming in dead last. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=361.8s	361.8	 I'm coming in at 17% rain man 32% and Chamath. I guess that thirst trap you tweeted got you 39%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=369.2s	369.2	 in that poll. The other thing these polls is why democracy doesn't work, but go on Chamath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=376.2s	376.2	 I can, I can hold my own in a physical altercation. I think, yeah, I think you want Chamath and I,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=381.0s	381.0	 cause I think Sax is going to be under the table calling nine one one and freeburg is going to try
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=386.5s	386.5	 to talk it out and get just absolutely sucker bunch. He's like, guys, we don't really need to fight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=393.5s	393.5	 Jason, Jason is the one that would smash the beer bottle, create a shiv and say, let's go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=400.4s	400.4	 I would, I would have Jason. I would, I would actually pick Jason as number one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=403.6s	403.6	 If you were going to be in a bar, Jason certainly touts his taekwondo skills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=407.7s	407.7	 on more than one occasion. He's claimed to be an expert in taekwondo. Can we pull up the video?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=413.4s	413.4	 Isn't there a video of you doing taekwondo? Where's the video of Jason pushing hell you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=420.0s	420.0	 fake news video. If you want to see Jason and a grown man, another grown 50 year old overweight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=426.5s	426.5	 man fighting, we have video. Yeah. Well, I, that, that one, I don't know if we should show,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=431.6s	431.6	 but Nick, you should definitely insert the image of J Cal trying to do the taekwondo kick. And it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=436.0s	436.0	 looks like he's about to have a herniated groin. It's about to fall over. Yeah. All right. Let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=443.3s	443.3	 start. Jason, what do you got? What do we got this week? I guess the topic we should get right to is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=447.4s	447.4	 inflation. This is a topic we've been talking about a whole bunch because we're printing a ton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=453.1s	453.1	 of money. Everybody seems to think the hedge against inflation is to buy Bitcoin or do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=458.0s	458.0	 put your money into equities? And are we actually going to see things other than homes and education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=465.6s	465.6	 massively inflate? We've seen some anecdotal evidence of this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=469.7s	469.7	 Tesla increased the price of their cars, used cars have gone up in price, which is a function of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=475.3s	475.3	 the lack of production of some cars during the pandemic. So there might be a multitude of factors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=481.2s	481.2	 there, but just putting it out there, are we going to go, are we going to face inflation that, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=485.5s	485.5	 know, goods and services are going to just go through the roof and cost? Or do we have enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=489.7s	489.7	 efficiency in the system that the average consumer is not going to see massive inflation on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=494.0s	494.0	 products and services they buy coming out of the? Isn't the real issue that Chamath says inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=499.9s	499.9	 is good and he because it creates a quality and he thinks 1979 was a great year. I think we should go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=505.3s	505.3	 straight to that. All right. I was going to go first to give a general discussion. Let's go. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=510.8s	510.8	 think we should go to Chamath to explain his tweet storm and then I'll respond. Okay. There we go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=516.0s	516.0	 I think David, you got unnecessarily emotional and personal. That was not, again, these were things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=521.9s	521.9	 that I've learned from someone who I will say without betraying him, is an extremely well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=529.6s	529.6	 respected person at an extremely well-known institution that basically has helped make a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=539.1s	539.1	 of sort of, you know, capital allocators very smart about things and has made people a lot of money. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=544.7s	544.7	 I was relaying what I learned through him. So let me just relay that again. And I'll just start with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=550.5s	550.5	 this. Whenever you have a dollar of income, you can do one of two things with that income. You either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=557.2s	557.2	 consume things, right? So you buy or you can save and you can put it into investments for the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=563.4s	563.4	 Right? So consumption and investment. The reality is that most people, so the lower 60% of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=570.0s	570.0	 income distribution essentially spends above their income, right? The lowest actually spends at,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=576.2s	576.2	 so a dollar earned is a dollar spent. And then the middle two, because they have access to credit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=580.8s	580.8	 a dollar earned, they spend about, you know, percentage points more than that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=585.9s	585.9	 When you get to the richest 20% of the population, they're actually able to save and they save about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=592.8s	592.8	 13 cents of every dollar and they're able to invest in the future. So consumption and investment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=596.8s	596.8	 The reality is inflation comes through a volume of activity, right? So you as a rich person can go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=603.6s	603.6	 and buy one $100,000 necklace at Tiffany's. It doesn't move the needle for inflation. But when,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=610.7s	610.7	 you know, 200,000 people buy a thousand dollar television, that's felt in the economy. It moves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=616.8s	616.8	 So inflation comes because of gross tonnage of volume. So you need consumption. And by definition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=623.5s	623.5	 what that does is it pushes consumption into those, you know, that 60 to 80% of people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=629.6s	629.6	 are not the top 20%. So what it means is that, you know, you have a volume game of people buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=635.8s	635.8	 things. And when they buy more of those things, inflation goes up. How do they buy more things?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=642.7s	642.7	 They have more income because their propensity is to consume. So then you have to ask yourself,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=647.8s	647.8	 where is this incremental income coming from? And all he has observed, which I think is very credible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=654.8s	654.8	 is we had the supernatural event in the pandemic. We've now started to print trillions of dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=660.4s	660.4	 of incremental consumption. And that's going to start to lead to the most simple ways in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=665.5s	665.5	 which consumption manifests in inflation, which is via commodity prices. What does that mean?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=670.2s	670.2	 Let me state it simply. A rich person lives in a well-insulated house, drives an electric car,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=676.8s	676.8	 and eats fish. A less rich person lives in a poorly insulated house, drives an SUV, and eats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=686.1s	686.1	 beef. Beef versus fish, as a simple example, it consumes 20, 30, 50, 100 times more input costs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=694.5s	694.5	 to generate that same pound of protein than a fish does. It's just an example of showing how income
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=699.6s	699.6	 distributions and the effects and the consumption patterns of large swaths of people drive different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=705.6s	705.6	 consumption behaviors which drive inflation. So all he was trying to represent to me was that idea,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=712.0s	712.0	 which is that we have printed trillions of dollars. We are creating artificial levels of consumption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=719.3s	719.3	 that consumption will actually drive up commodity prices. Commodity prices will actually drive up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=725.0s	725.0	 inflation. Then what he told me was the best analogy, again, it's not perfect, but it rhymes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=733.2s	733.2	 to the history, is what actually happened in the 1970s, which is that by having this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=741.0s	741.0	 boundary condition, you have to ask yourself what will happen if inflation rips higher.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=746.4s	746.4	 Starting in the late 60s through the 70s, that's kind of what you had, a same kind of boundary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=755.4s	755.4	 Forget the way in which the money got to people. In this case, it was a government check.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=760.5s	760.5	 But in the late 60s and early 70s, we had similar kinds of programs. We had Head Start,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=765.5s	765.5	 we had AmeriCorps, we had Food Stamps Act, we had the Social Security Act. All of these things were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=772.0s	772.0	 transfer payments. When you put that much money into the hands of a large swath of people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=777.3s	777.3	 consumption went up, commodity prices went up, inflation went up. It peaked in 1979,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=783.1s	783.1	 but it also happened that when that happened, the gap between the rich and the poor was the lowest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=788.2s	788.2	 it had ever been. I thought that that was a really interesting thing to observe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=792.2s	792.2	 Okay, Sachs, you were triggered by this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=797.2s	797.2	 Well, I wasn't triggered. I just said it was Chamath's worst take ever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=802.4s	802.4	 But David, it wasn't my take.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=804.9s	804.9	 I don't agree with my point that you were triggered.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=805.6s	805.6	 It wasn't my take, David.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=807.0s	807.0	 No, no. Let me explain what's wrong with the take. I created a PowerPoint.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=812.3s	812.3	 Oh, boy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=815.2s	815.2	 I pulled at Chamath. No, it's not boring. And Chamath has done it too, so don't even go there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=820.5s	820.5	 I'm going to do email. You guys come and hit me up at the second half.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=823.0s	823.0	 No, no. We're going to keep the Friedberg index high. So go ahead, Sachs, take us through the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=827.6s	827.6	 PowerPoint. What do you want to explain?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=829.5s	829.5	 I'll keep this quick. Okay. So I've called the PowerPoint Chamath's worst take ever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=837.1s	837.1	 David, it says right at the top of the disclaimer, here is something I learned today. Why isn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=841.3s	841.3	 my take?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=842.8s	842.8	 Well, you responded to me then saying that I didn't like facts. So that was your response.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=849.1s	849.1	 So I am proving I'm going to show you some facts. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=852.7s	852.7	 So first of all, let's ask the question, was 1979 a good year? I don't think you can just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=857.1s	857.1	 cherry pick this one number, the Gini index, and say that this was some sort of great year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=862.7s	862.7	 1979, a severe recession begins, which ultimately leads to negative 0.3% GD growth in 1980.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=869.6s	869.6	 The word stagflation, misery index become household terms. We had unemployment of 6%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=874.0s	874.0	 on its way to 7.2% in 1980. We had a 13.3% in inflation rate. The prime rate for 30 year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=881.2s	881.2	 mortgage was 11.2%. Good luck trying to buy a house. We had long lines of the gas pump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=888.0s	888.0	 There was an oil embargo. Do you guys remember the gas pump lines?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=891.7s	891.7	 I wasn't born yet, but go on. Yeah, it was crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=895.1s	895.1	 Then Jimmy Carter declares a national crisis and confidence. This was the so-called Malay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=900.0s	900.0	 speech. He was well on his way to becoming a one-term president. So what this shows is that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=905.3s	905.3	 David, wait, David, David.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=906.9s	906.9	 Hold on. No, no, let me just do the takeaway. So the takeaway is that the Gini index says 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=912.6s	912.6	 was a great year. The issue is, the reason it wasn't is because it's a lot easier to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=918.3s	918.3	 everyone equally poor than equally rich. When the economy does poorly, guess what? The gap shrinks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=925.8s	925.8	 Margaret Thatcher had a great line about this. So long as the gap is smaller, they would rather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=929.6s	929.6	 have the poor be poorer. That's a great video everyone should watch on her last speech to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=933.9s	933.9	 parliament. Tramoth posted this chart showing this was the percentage of wealth held by the top 0.1%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=942.1s	942.1	 Tramoth, we'll go to you next to explain one, two, and three, but let me just point out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=946.2s	946.2	 Look at when else the Gini index was plummeting, the 1930s. The Great Depression did a great job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=951.3s	951.3	 creating relative equality by making everyone poor. So my point is, yeah, I understand there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=956.3s	956.3	 are these equalities, but you know what creates inequality? Economic booms. That's what creates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=961.6s	961.6	 inequality. What we should care about is not just inequality, but economic growth, real wage growth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=968.3s	968.3	 poverty, how many people are below the poverty line, and concentrations of power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=972.4s	972.4	 So that's what we should be looking at, not just this Gini coefficient. Let me stop there. I've got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=976.5s	976.5	 other slides, but I'll stop there and let you respond.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=978.4s	978.4	 Sax, go back one slide. The three points there were just interesting to me. Number one was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=985.4s	985.4	 LBJ and the war on poverty and all those social programs. Number two, and you spoke about this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=991.2s	991.2	 but I don't think you're doing a full accurate assessment. What Carter's biggest mistake was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=996.7s	996.7	 was he stopped the transfer payments because LBJ started them, Nixon continued them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1003.7s	1003.7	 Carter stopped them. And I think it's important to frame-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1006.8s	1006.8	 Explain what transfer payments are for people who don't understand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1009.0s	1009.0	 Well, it's basically like, there are all kinds of ways to get money into the hands of individuals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1015.0s	1015.0	 We now talk about universal basic income. That's a way of transferring money from the government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1019.9s	1019.9	 and from systemic holders of capital to individuals. Food stamps was a way, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1026.4s	1026.4	 social security was a way. There's all kinds of different ways. Welfare was a way until
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1031.6s	1031.6	 Clinton disassembled that. I think that what we'll never know is what would have happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1039.4s	1039.4	 if Carter hadn't actually stopped those balance of payments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1044.8s	1044.8	 The key point is about what happened then afterwards in three. You had this basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1050.9s	1050.9	 stopping by Carter. He didn't get to reap any of the benefits of it. Reagan comes in and says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1056.9s	1056.9	 you know what, we're going to simplify the tax code. We're going to defund all kinds of stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1061.0s	1061.0	 including, for example, all the mental health defunding that he had already done in California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1064.9s	1064.9	 that spewed people with mental health disease onto the streets of San Francisco and Los Angeles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1071.4s	1071.4	 That sort of continued. Then the real cataclysmic change on top of all of this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1076.6s	1076.6	 which sealed the fate of that trend line happened in point number three, which is when George Bush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1083.5s	1083.5	 in 2001 had this really seminal decision, which is he had the ability to block China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1090.0s	1090.0	 from entering the WTO and instead he left them in. He traded that for a vote on the Security Council.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1096.5s	1096.5	 When you think about what really happened there, you unleashed one billion people willing to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1102.0s	1102.0	 anything at a cheaper, faster, and better rate. You ushered in globalization. You ushered in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1107.3s	1107.3	 gutting of the middle class of America, and you transferred all that wealth creation that could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1111.7s	1111.7	 have happened in a more inefficient but in a balanced way that could have benefited Americans,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1117.0s	1117.0	 and you shipped them abroad to China. I think it's just interesting to note that basically since
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1122.5s	1122.5	 1979, we've all been singing from the same playbook. I think that maybe what we need to do is figure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1130.6s	1130.6	 out whether we need to come back to this idea of shifting the balance of payments back into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1136.7s	1136.7	 hands of individual consumers. All I'm saying is, without making a judgment, is when you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1142.0s	1142.0	 what Biden has done in just in the first 60 days, $1.9 trillion of stimulus and a proposed $3 trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1152.6s	1152.6	 stimulus package, we're not even three months into his presidency and you forecast that forward,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1160.4s	1160.4	 it feels like we're entering an era of spend, spend, spend. That was an opinion of mine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1165.6s	1165.6	 which I believe is actually fairly accurate. I do think it will drive inflation. I do think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1171.7s	1171.7	 it will drive commodity prices. I think on balance, I do think it will suppress the wealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1177.2s	1177.2	 creation of the rich, and I do think it will give folks that don't necessarily have investments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1182.8s	1182.8	 the ability to make more in real income, which they will spend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1185.3s	1185.3	 Well, okay, just quickly. I'm going to begin by agreeing with the part of Chamath's response
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1190.4s	1190.4	 that I agree with, which is what happened around 2000, 2001, which killed wage growth for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1197.0s	1197.0	 average worker. Chamath is right about that, but it wasn't just George W. Bush. It was a bipartisan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1203.0s	1203.0	 disaster. In 2000, Bill Clinton pushes Congress to approve the US-China trade agreement and gave them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1210.4s	1210.4	 full access to the WTO. This was basically temporary MFN. Look at what he said. He said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1215.9s	1215.9	 economically, this agreement is the equivalent of a one-way street. It requires China to open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1220.7s	1220.7	 its markets to us in new ways. It turned out to be a one-way street the other way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1225.4s	1225.4	 And then he also said that for the first time, our companies will be able to sell and distribute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1228.5s	1228.5	 products in China made by workers here in America without being forced to relocate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1232.5s	1232.5	 manufacturing to China. We'll be able to export products without exporting jobs. Well, gee,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1236.8s	1236.8	 the exact opposite happened. And then what happens in 2001 is Bush makes this situation permanent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1243.6s	1243.6	 He grants permanent, what's called permanent normal trade relations, which is basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1247.4s	1247.4	 MFN status in perpetuity to China, granting them full access to our markets. And Chamath is right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1254.0s	1254.0	 that that devastated the average worker because all of a sudden, they're being forced to compete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1258.9s	1258.9	 with foreign labor that's potentially making $2 a day and is not subject to the same labor laws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1265.6s	1265.6	 and environmental laws as workers in the US are. So I agree with Chamath about what happened then,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1271.6s	1271.6	 but I got to go back and clean up this view of what happened between 1980 and 2000 because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1278.0s	1278.0	 that's where I think we have this disagreement. Let's talk about the China thing for a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1283.1s	1283.1	 We made a mistake there. We got hoodwinked. We don't have access to their market. I think it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1289.2s	1289.2	 would be good to pause for a second and say, okay, we tried this experiment for 20 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1293.6s	1293.6	 There was some good that came out of it. Our companies were able to grow and become the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1297.6s	1297.6	 dominant players in the world like Apple, but an Amazon, right? We did capture a lot of this value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1304.3s	1304.3	 and a lot of people came out of poverty in China, I guess on the margins, that's a good thing we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1308.3s	1308.3	 all agree, but it's a communist country and we basically enabled the communist country to become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1313.3s	1313.3	 essentially, you know, our counterparty in running the planet and in our leadership positions on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1320.0s	1320.0	 planet. What do we do now in terms of unwinding this? Is there a way to roll this back or do we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1325.1s	1325.1	 just mute it from this point forward? And how does it become a two way street? Or is that just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1329.4s	1329.4	 not even possible, as we've seen with the NBA and some other companies, Twitter, Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1334.5s	1334.5	 just not being allowed to even operate in China?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1336.8s	1336.8	 Who's we? America? United States?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1340.2s	1340.2	 The United States. I mean, how do we-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1341.2s	1341.2	 US citizens, US companies, global companies? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1344.3s	1344.3	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1344.6s	1344.6	 I think that the challenge is your framework, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1347.9s	1347.9	 Guys, I think there's one big thing you're forgetting in 2001, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1352.0s	1352.0	 I think that Bush actually traded away access to the WTO so that they could guarantee China's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1356.9s	1356.9	 vote when he wanted to go to war with Iraq, which happened in 2003.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1361.0s	1361.0	 Okay, well-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1362.0s	1362.0	 Two dumb decisions that got worse by being put together.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1365.1s	1365.1	 All I'm saying is it was a trade. It was a trade. He traded access to the WTO in return for their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1372.2s	1372.2	 support for a UN resolution to go to war with Iraq. Look, you know, Chamath, you said that I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1378.4s	1378.4	 defending the Republican point of view. I'm not. I'll be the first to say that George W. Bush was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1383.1s	1383.1	 his presidency was a disaster. I think it'll go down as one of the worst. He got us into all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1388.8s	1388.8	 stupid foreign wars in the Middle East. He began them. I think the decisions with China were a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1393.3s	1393.3	 mistake. So I certainly don't want to defend that. And by the same token, I think the Clinton years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1397.9s	1397.9	 were generally great years in America. So this is not a partisan free analysis on my part.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1403.8s	1403.8	 What do you think though about the China concept here and how we would go forward?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1408.0s	1408.0	 What's the path forward with China?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1411.9s	1411.9	 I mean, again, like I think it comes down to your objective and who are you solving for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1417.8s	1417.8	 And who should we solve for democracy, the human species? Well, I mean, I feel like the point of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1424.8s	1424.8	 view that, you know, one government is innately better than another is being tested and proven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1429.9s	1429.9	 right and wrong every day right now. And, and I'm not sure that it's fair to say that just because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1436.1s	1436.1	 the form of government that the, you know, that the Chinese have kind of adopted and used to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1443.2s	1443.2	 govern their country and their people is innately wrong. There's certainly things that are innately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1449.0s	1449.0	 wrong in many democracies and that are innately wrong in many non-democratic republics. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1455.4s	1455.4	 I'm not sure it's fair to just say that, you know, that that's really the objective is let's get rid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1460.0s	1460.0	 of that communism. I mean, that was an easy kind of simple, you know, check that you could use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1464.8s	1464.8	 a few decades ago as a way to kind of rally everyone emotionally towards some cause.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1469.5s	1469.5	 But I think there's a lot of businesses today that operate effectively in their own kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1474.2s	1474.2	 geopolitical cloud. And it's a little bit of a kind of misstatement to think that an American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1480.0s	1480.0	 company is an American company. It's not that American quote unquote American companies solely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1485.3s	1485.3	 build their stuff and sell their stuff in the United States. Many quote unquote American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1489.4s	1489.4	 companies build stuff overseas and sell stuff overseas. And globalization as much as we might
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1495.3s	1495.3	 want to kind of poo poo the effects it's had on the average quote unquote American worker,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1500.2s	1500.2	 it really has transformed the way businesses operate with respect to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1506.7s	1506.7	 politics and countries. There's a god what's the book? I can't remember the book, but there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1513.2s	1513.2	 book that speaks to how a lot of large multinational corporations today effectively have to operate as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1519.2s	1519.2	 if they were countries into and unto themselves. And so they have competing interests with respect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1524.0s	1524.0	 to what the average American or the American government or the American people might have,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1528.5s	1528.5	 even though they might be quote unquote American companies, and there might be some intricate tie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1533.1s	1533.1	 And so I'm not sure it's as simple as we have to quote unquote defeat China. We are so intricately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1537.9s	1537.9	 tied to the economy of China, to the workers of China, and vice versa. And I think that it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1545.2s	1545.2	 much more complicated thing than you know, here's our three point checklist for how do we quote unquote
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1549.0s	1549.0	 beat China. And that's why it's hard. And that's why I think a lot of smart people have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1554.0s	1554.0	 you know, kind of taken on and been challenged by and failed at trying to resolve a path forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1559.4s	1559.4	 where there's this quote unquote looming enemy that is going to become the global economic power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1563.9s	1563.9	 which strips the American people of their influence around the world. And you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1569.4s	1569.4	 that may be kind of the inevitability of the 21st century. I don't think that's a pretty dark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1573.2s	1573.2	 inevitability of but I don't know if there's a simple easy answer. And I don't know if from a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1577.8s	1577.8	 business point of view, let's say I'm a company, I'm not sure I necessarily feel the effects of one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1583.2s	1583.2	 quote unquote country affecting you know, having more influence globally with other countries than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1588.0s	1588.0	 others. It turns out a lot of businesses have greater influence than a lot of governments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1593.1s	1593.1	 And so you know, one way to kind of think about the evolution of globalization,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1597.2s	1597.2	 and maybe even with respect to kind of the notion of what we've been talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1600.2s	1600.2	 decentralization, is that maybe governments themselves become less important in the 21st century.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1606.0s	1606.0	 And it's the kind of decentralized online movements and businesses and you know, other kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1611.9s	1611.9	 entities that perhaps are not as regulated and controlled and owned by governments and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1615.6s	1615.6	 you know, maybe the big failure of the 21st century will be governments. We'll see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1619.8s	1619.8	 Sacksipu Chimath, you have that on China?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1622.4s	1622.4	 I'm sorry, that was a bit esoteric but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1624.2s	1624.2	 No, no, I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1625.3s	1625.3	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1625.9s	1625.9	 It is an interesting point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1627.1s	1627.1	 Sacksipu, the thing that you're not willing to acknowledge is that even when GDP shrinks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1631.2s	1631.2	 it's like it's shrinking from a base where there's substantive growth year over year like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1636.5s	1636.5	 you know, our the GDP in 1969, where LBJ was president was less than a trillion dollars and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1640.8s	1640.8	 the GDP now is like 23 and a half trillion dollars. And so it's been nothing essentially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1645.1s	1645.1	 but a straight line up. And so, you know, this idea that we the inflation causes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1650.7s	1650.7	 you know, the only way that we close the wealth gap is by making everybody poor is not true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1656.5s	1656.5	 We're some people may be getting less rich at the same rate, so they feel poor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1660.7s	1660.7	 But the idea that you actually become poor is just not true. It's a feeling that you have,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1664.5s	1664.5	 but it's not rooted in fact.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1667.2s	1667.2	 So, when you look at the wealth gap, are you concerned about the gap or are you concerned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1673.8s	1673.8	 with, you know, the status of the folks on the bottom and how much their lot in life has gotten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1679.4s	1679.4	 better?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1680.7s	1680.7	 Yeah, I mean, I'm concerned with both. Actually, there I have a slide on this too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1685.8s	1685.8	 I would buy this argument and I've heard this argument from before from people not as smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1690.0s	1690.0	 as David. I would buy this argument if GDP did something other than go up in an absolute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1696.2s	1696.2	 straight fucking line.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1697.6s	1697.6	 No, it doesn't. It doesn't. Well, hold on. I'm going to show let me show GDP in a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1702.4s	1702.4	 The first thing I want to just cover is that part of the problem with the Gini Index is it doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1706.1s	1706.1	 fully account for government transfers. This is something I didn't fully know until I researched
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1710.8s	1710.8	 it after your tweet stormed your mouth. But basically only 2% of the population. So the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1715.2s	1715.2	 publicly reported stats are that 13.5% of the US population lives in poverty. Once you actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1720.9s	1720.9	 take into account all these programs and transfer payments, it's more like 2%. You can see this on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1726.4s	1726.4	 this chart on the left here that the green represents the transfer payments. By the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1731.1s	1731.1	 I'm not against transfer payments. I think we need a social safety net. I want the social safety net
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1736.5s	1736.5	 to be as effective as possible. I don't want it to trap people in government dependency. I want it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1742.8s	1742.8	 to work. I want it to get people out of poverty and into the opportunity economy. But I absolutely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1748.6s	1748.6	 believe we need a social safety net and we need these transfer payments. And you can see that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1753.5s	1753.5	 green bars there make a huge difference in reducing poverty. The Gini Index doesn't really take that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1758.2s	1758.2	 into account. Well, how do you fund these types of transfer payments? The more of a stronger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1764.4s	1764.4	 economy that you have, the more that you have an economic boom, the more that you see real wage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1769.9s	1769.9	 growth and the ability to fund these programs. Let's just look at GDP for a second. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1775.2s	1775.2	 if you go back to this period, 82 to 2000, I call this the Reagan-Clinton boom. I see this as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1782.1s	1782.1	 bipartisan, a relatively bipartisan period where under Reagan and Clinton, you had GDP growth of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1788.0s	1788.0	 almost 4% compared to the usual 2%, 2.5%. By the way, this is why Reagan and Clinton left office
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1794.0s	1794.0	 with huge approval numbers despite scandals. Remember, Reagan had Iran-Contra,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1799.2s	1799.2	 Clinton had Lewinsky. None of that mattered really in the eyes of the American people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1803.2s	1803.2	 because the economy was so strong and you can see that here. And by the way, it hasn't been this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1809.0s	1809.0	 strong in the 2000s. We've never really gotten back to this type of economy since 2009.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1817.7s	1817.7	 Is that because of the economic boom of the PC and internet eras? What would we attribute it to?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1823.4s	1823.4	 The technology boom has a huge impact, but let me just describe what started it, okay?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1828.7s	1828.7	 What happened in 1981? Reagan's inauguration as president in January of 1981, he cuts the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1835.3s	1835.3	 marginal income tax rate from 70 to 50%. And I'd say equally important, you have Paul Volcker at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1841.0s	1841.0	 the Fed. He breaks inflation. He jacks up interest rates, causes a very severe recession in 1982,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1847.4s	1847.4	 but it broke the back of hyperinflation and it ushered in decades of declining interest rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1853.5s	1853.5	 You can see that on this chart here. Interest rates have more or less been in the decline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1857.8s	1857.8	 since Paul Volcker was at the Fed. What does this do? It reduced the risk-free rate of return,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1864.7s	1864.7	 which leads to more investment in- In everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1868.7s	1868.7	 In everything. It leads to more investment. It caused a rally in the bond market and the stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1874.2s	1874.2	 market. By the way, no one remembers in a modern area, I'm sorry, Sachs, but interest rates for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1878.4s	1878.4	 buying a home, mortgage rates were over 6.5% for most of the- Yeah, it was 15%-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1884.1s	1884.1	 Most of the last couple of decades, yeah. Good luck buying a home in the 1970s, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1889.5s	1889.5	 David, can you actually be intellectually honest and overlay aggregate actual GDP on this chart?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1897.2s	1897.2	 What you'll see is it goes up and to the right independent of all of this bullshit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1903.0s	1903.0	 No, that's not true. You can see it on- That is absolutely true and I'll just-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1906.3s	1906.3	 Well, you're talking about the GDP growth rate versus-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1909.3s	1909.3	 No, this is simple- This is GDP growth rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1911.3s	1911.3	 Forget growth rate. What is the actual number?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1915.7s	1915.7	 Right. We're talking about the real number, not the percentage growth because I was actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1918.4s	1918.4	 about to ask the questions about how I ask it to you guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1920.5s	1920.5	 The real number, guys. This is the change. This is the change in GDP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1924.5s	1924.5	 I know. I'm talking about grade two mathematics here, guys, the absolute number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1928.8s	1928.8	 The absolute number keeps going up and to the right because-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1931.5s	1931.5	 No, it doesn't. These dots that are below zero are recessions in which GDP actually shrinks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1937.4s	1937.4	 Those are changes from the year before. When you're compounding naturally-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1941.2s	1941.2	 No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The green and red bars at the very bottom are changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1945.1s	1945.1	 from the year before, but these are absolute percentage changes in GDP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1948.9s	1948.9	 I know. Recession is defined as two quarters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1952.4s	1952.4	 of negative growth. GDP can go down. David, can I just show you the aggregate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1957.6s	1957.6	 GDP growth from 1960 to 2000? You can just look at this and tell me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1962.9s	1962.9	 what is wrong with the trading economics website that everybody else would use?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1968.2s	1968.2	 Yeah, pull it up. I think one of the things that I have as a question for everybody is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1974.0s	1974.0	 is there a major difference between 2%, 2.5%, 3% growth in terms of how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1982.0s	1982.0	 we all experience our lives? What are we optimizing there for? Are we optimizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1987.7s	1987.7	 for consistency or are we opting for no recessions? Well, this is what's interesting. Do you see this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1992.4s	1992.4	 chart right here? It's perfectly consistent with the exception of the-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=1995.2s	1995.2	 This is aggregate GDP. It started off at less than a trillion in 1950-something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2001.3s	2001.3	 It was about a trillion dollars at 1968, and it's about $23 trillion now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2006.8s	2006.8	 This is the aggregate of what has happened in the American economy over the last 70 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2011.6s	2011.6	 Compounding interest is an amazing thing. Now, exactly right. Now, this has happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2016.0s	2016.0	 in Democratic presidencies, Republican presidencies, when rates were at 16%, when rates were at 0%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2023.5s	2023.5	 So, all I'm saying is we have a natural tendency and inertia to move forward. The rate of change,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2028.7s	2028.7	 we can debate, and obviously it has ebbed and flowed over years, but the fact that it's towards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2033.9s	2033.9	 moving forward and downhill with increasing momentum is undeniable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2038.2s	2038.2	 So, again, I would ask, when we think about the fact that the natural tendency is that the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2044.1s	2044.1	 five or 10-year period in aggregate will become bigger and better, there'll be more of the pie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2048.9s	2048.9	 to share, why is inflation a bad thing? Because all it does is depress financial assets. It drives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2055.4s	2055.4	 up earnings and income, which drives up consumption of the lower three or four quartiles of the- or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2061.3s	2061.3	 quartiles of the- or lower three quartiles of the earnings population. I just don't see why it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2066.4s	2066.4	 such a bad thing. I think mild inflation in the 2% to 4% range is fine, and it's probably better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2075.4s	2075.4	 It's certainly better, I would say, than 2% to 4% deflation. But when you start to get runaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2080.3s	2080.3	 inflation like we did in the 1970s, it massively increases interest rates, and that makes it harder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2086.0s	2086.0	 for people to buy houses and borrow money and invest money, because now the risk for your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2090.8s	2090.8	 return is higher. And that- But that only applies. I know, but that only applies to the top quartile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2096.8s	2096.8	 of the population. The bottom three quartiles don't give a shit about what you just said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2101.9s	2101.9	 because they don't do it. I don't think people want to have to spend $600 on a loaf of bread.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2111.2s	2111.2	 You look at Venezuela, you look at Weimar, Germany, you do not want inflation to get out of control,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2116.1s	2116.1	 and it can spiral out of control, because once people start to expect-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2120.2s	2120.2	 Is that realistic, though, that it will spiral out of control, given technological advances,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2124.6s	2124.6	 efficiency? I mean, that's the backdrop that's all against-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2128.1s	2128.1	 You are bringing up, I think, the really brilliant point, which is, could it really even happen today?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2133.2s	2133.2	 Because if you think about where we allocate our time and attention and consumption, half of it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2137.8s	2137.8	 by definition, are things that are just so naturally deflationary. We're on YouTube,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2145.0s	2145.0	 Facebook, TikTok, all the time. Those are naturally deflationary sinks of time and energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2150.2s	2150.2	 and effort and money. So to Jason's point, I think that that's actually true. I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2155.8s	2155.8	 that it's even possible to actually have hyperinflation anymore. Where do we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2159.7s	2159.7	 hyperinflation? NFTs, Bitcoin, equities, and homes. Financial assets. Financial assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2166.1s	2166.1	 And homes. And I guess healthcare and higher education.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2174.4s	2174.4	 Pretty much anything that the government's involved in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2177.8s	2177.8	 Basically, the government's not involved in NFTs and Bitcoin. Those are the anti-government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2182.1s	2182.1	 portfolio. But by the way, healthcare inflation really started in Obama because of Obamacare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2187.0s	2187.0	 Yeah. Anything that the government's involved in inflates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2190.5s	2190.5	 Yeah, because if the government's paying the bill, why won't you raise prices?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2193.0s	2193.0	 Well, there's no competitive market. There's one customer charge whatever you want, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2198.1s	2198.1	 So Chamath, to be clear, inflation is not my number one concern right now. I'm just saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2204.4s	2204.4	 that it would not be a good thing to let it get out of control. That's all. But it's not the biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2209.6s	2209.6	 concern on my list. Your main concern is dunking on Chamath for that tweet storm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2214.0s	2214.0	 No, no, I'm not dunking on him. He dunked on me saying that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2218.4s	2218.4	 It basically turned into a bunch of 15-year-old girls who said something and got misinterpreted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2223.8s	2223.8	 on social media. And now we have to work it out. And you, the audience, are the beneficiaries.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2230.3s	2230.3	 No, I'll tell you my main concern is this idea that economic booms are not a good thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2237.5s	2237.5	 because, God forbid, the people at the top might get richer. That's the problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2242.0s	2242.0	 Well, let's pivot to that then. I don't know if you guys have been following what's happening with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2247.1s	2247.1	 the head of operations at, or I guess he's the head of warehouses at Amazon. Amazon is standing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2253.9s	2253.9	 up to Elizabeth Warren on Twitter. They're mixing it up. Did you guys see these tweets?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2258.0s	2258.0	 Let's pull a couple of them up. No. What? It's cool. What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2260.0s	2260.0	 You haven't seen these? No.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2262.0s	2262.0	 Chamath, didn't you donate some ridiculous amount of money to Elizabeth Warren's campaign?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2266.2s	2266.2	 No, 25K. Just a little tasty poo. It was a little teaser bet and I didn't like what I saw,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2271.6s	2271.6	 so I had to shut it down. I shut it down on the turn. The flop was not-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2274.9s	2274.9	 The dealer bet? The dealer bet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2276.4s	2276.4	 The flop bet. You limped in? You limped in with 7-4?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2281.2s	2281.2	 I limped in with 7-4 offsuit. I put a little teaser bet out there. I didn't like what I saw,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2285.3s	2285.3	 and so I folded. Basically, Amazon is finally saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2290.1s	2290.1	 hey, we're going to stand up when Elizabeth Warren or Bernie Sanders attack us and attack Bezos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2297.8s	2297.8	 They just said, listen, you guys set the minimum wage. Do your job. We moved the minimum wage at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2302.9s	2302.9	 Amazon to $15 an hour. We made our decision. Get back to work and set the federal minimum wage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2309.1s	2309.1	 of $15 an hour and stop telling us we don't pay our taxes because you make the tax law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2313.6s	2313.6	 Essentially, this dovetails with the hearing. I don't know if you guys watched any of the hearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2318.0s	2318.0	 with Zuckerberg and everybody, but basically, it seems like big tech is just putting their foot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2324.8s	2324.8	 down and saying, just tell us what you want us to do because we're doing it. We're giving people-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2329.2s	2329.2	 Yeah. What Zuckerberg and Dorsey basically said is that if you don't like that kind of speech,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2335.5s	2335.5	 then why don't you prohibit it instead of telling us to do it? You can't and you won't because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2342.1s	2342.1	 it's a violation of the First Amendment. Yeah, they were pushing back on them saying, listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2347.5s	2347.5	 if you have such a problem with it, pass the law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2350.3s	2350.3	 Yeah. This guy, Dave Clark, you guys know Dave Clark at Amazon?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2353.7s	2353.7	 Nope. This is the guy who's been mixing it up. If the audience is listening, you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2359.0s	2359.0	 see a bunch of this on the YouTube channel because we will put it in the-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2362.8s	2362.8	 Oh, wow. He's like the number two guy there. He runs the entire retail business, I guess?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2368.3s	2368.3	 Yeah. Now, Amazon is on a full court press to engage with, let's call it the socialist left.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2376.4s	2376.4	 I guess they call themselves democratic socialists because they don't want to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2379.6s	2379.6	 called socialists. They're saying, listen, we give people healthcare, we give them $15 an hour,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2384.7s	2384.7	 and if you want to tour the facilities, tour the facilities, but nobody is peeing in bottles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2388.4s	2388.4	 And then of course, the press and a couple of people showed bottles with pee in them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2394.0s	2394.0	 that drivers can't stop to even go to the bathroom, which I think is a tragedy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2399.6s	2399.6	 horrible. People should not have to pee in bottles. I mean, they asked me about it on CNBC today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2403.9s	2403.9	 I was like, are you serious question? Like, of course, nobody should be peeing in bottles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2407.1s	2407.1	 But if you look at this exchange, I think we're kind of hitting the end of this debate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2410.8s	2410.8	 which is everybody kind of agrees we should have healthcare for everybody in the country.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2414.4s	2414.4	 We should have a $15 minimum wage. Why are we dunking and fighting with each other?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2418.6s	2418.6	 When we've got this adversary, which is, or two adversaries with Russia and China,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2423.8s	2423.8	 we have these two crazy adversaries who want to build authoritarian countries and control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2427.8s	2427.8	 the economy and eventually control the planet. Why is, why are Americans fighting with each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2431.4s	2431.4	 other over these issues? I mean, this is, this is just incredible. I just want to read it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2435.4s	2435.4	 Bernie Sanders says, I look forward to meeting with Amazon workers in Alabama on Friday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2440.1s	2440.1	 All I want to know is why the richest man in the world, Jeff Bezos, is spending millions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2444.6s	2444.6	 trying to prevent workers from organizing a union so they can negotiate for better wages,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2449.2s	2449.2	 benefits and working conditions. To which he replies, all we want to know is why the senator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2454.2s	2454.2	 is one of the most powerful Paul's and politicians in Vermont for 30 plus years and their minimum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2459.9s	2459.9	 wage is still only 11.75. Amazon's minimum wage is $15 plus great healthcare from day one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2466.2s	2466.2	 The senator should save his finger wagging lecture until after he actually delivers in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2470.3s	2470.3	 his own backyard. To your point, it is getting to a point now where folks are like, all right, guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2476.1s	2476.1	 so step up and change the laws and change the incentives. I think that that's going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2481.4s	2481.4	 really important. Saxie, you had something that you were really miffed by what Zuck said or something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2488.0s	2488.0	 at the thing about all of this? Well, what Zuck was trying to do in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2492.7s	2492.7	 hearing, the strategicary guy, what's his name? Ben Thompson.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2496.8s	2496.8	 Ben Thompson. Stratechary. I think it's strategicary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2499.2s	2499.2	 Stratechary. No, no, no, no, it's strategicary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2502.6s	2502.6	 No, strategicary. He literally said it. He came to the poker game that we do at the D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2507.6s	2507.6	 conference or the Rico conference, whatever it's called, co-conference. And he said it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2512.1s	2512.1	 strategicary. Right. And he said it's the worst name that was ever created.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2517.9s	2517.9	 Stratechary. Anyway, it's 100 bucks a year. He's got like 10,000 people paying for it. It's crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2524.4s	2524.4	 What makes millions of people think... Okay, great. So the way... Thank you for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2531.0s	2531.0	 Thank you for that clarification. What Ben Thompson wrote, the way he described Zuck's statement is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2536.2s	2536.2	 that Zuck was pulling up the ladder on all the other social networking sites that might come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2541.5s	2541.5	 afterwards. And it was, look, it was one of those tactical maneuvers that's in Facebook's sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2547.0s	2547.0	 narrow self-interest, but it's so obviously in their self-interest that people slam them for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2553.2s	2553.2	 It's just too Machiavellian. And basically what Zuckerberg said is, listen, we now have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2558.7s	2558.7	 over 30,000 people doing content moderation. You guys should check... You, the lawmakers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2564.9s	2564.9	 should change section 230 to say that you, the social media sites, only get section 230
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2570.8s	2570.8	 protection, the liability shield, if you engage in this kind of content moderation. But if you're a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2576.3s	2576.3	 site that doesn't, then you don't get protection. Well, what's Zuckerberg trying to do? Small
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2581.0s	2581.0	 startups can't hire 30,000 people to do content moderation. So this is like classic regulatory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2586.5s	2586.5	 capture, but done brazenly in the open at a congressional hearing. I think you're right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2591.6s	2591.6	 I think it kind of makes a lot of sense from him. The game theory is pretty obvious, which is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2595.8s	2595.8	 okay, make it now impossible for anybody to compete with us. And you basically lock us in forever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2601.6s	2601.6	 It's pretty brilliant. The question is, what do you think the odds are that politicians fall for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2606.4s	2606.4	 this? I think they're forcing their hand now, so they don't have much of a choice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2610.6s	2610.6	 Well, I mean, the Democrats on that committee have basically been saying that disinformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2615.5s	2615.5	 is a huge problem and you, the social media sites, need to correct it. You need to control it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2620.8s	2620.8	 And so Zuckerberg comes along and says, okay, great, no problem. We've hired 30,000 content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2624.8s	2624.8	 moderators. We're going to do what you said. In fact, we're going to hire more. And by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2628.9s	2628.9	 if you really want to get tough about this, why don't you modify section 230 to require it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2633.6s	2633.6	 Well, how many other startups can ever hire that number of content moderators? This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2639.2s	2639.2	 creating a moat that will basically protect Zuck and Facebook forever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2643.3s	2643.3	 Right capture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2644.3s	2644.3	 Yep. And the other crazy thing in this was the stupid format they come up with where they give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2649.4s	2649.4	 each person who's a Senator or a Congressman or Congressperson who's doing the questioning,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2654.6s	2654.6	 they give them five minutes. So they're like, I only want a yes, no answer. And you're like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2658.4s	2658.4	 I'm going to ask you the most challenging problem in the world. I need you to answer yes or no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2662.6s	2662.6	 binary one or zero. And it's like, well, that's not kind of how a nuanced issue works. Like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2667.1s	2667.1	 Section 230. This is going to take some time. Can I get one minute to answer the question two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2671.7s	2671.7	 minutes to answer the question. And so Jack and Zuckerberg and everybody just kind of threw their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2676.5s	2676.5	 hands up. They're like, I can't answer this in a yes, no, can you ask me give me 30 seconds to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2680.8s	2680.8	 answer these questions? It was pretty ridiculous. And then they were trying to get them all to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2686.1s	2686.1	 that their platforms were used for the January 6 insurgency. And I don't agree with Zuck on much,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2691.6s	2691.6	 but he was like, no, I think the people who were involved in January 6 were responsible for it. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2698.0s	2698.0	 whether that's the president or the people who broke into the Capitol, they're the ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2702.0s	2702.0	 who are actually responsible for this. You guys didn't want to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2706.4s	2706.4	 So no, I well I read I read some summaries of it. And I think Dorsey actually did a did a great job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2712.8s	2712.8	 And I like I liked his performance. And let me read you a quote. Mike Solana tweeted this. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2719.6s	2719.6	 but he said, Jack said, I don't think these decisions should be made by private companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2723.4s	2723.4	 or the government, which is why we're suggesting a protocol approach to help the people make the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2728.1s	2728.1	 decisions themselves. That was Jack Dorsey. Now, that almost sounds like me, if he just changed the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2733.6s	2733.6	 word protocol to First Amendment case law. So I don't want these companies or the Senate Judiciary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2739.6s	2739.6	 Committee, you know, censoring people, I want to use a revered external standard, which is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2745.5s	2745.5	 First Amendment case law that's been developed over the last two centuries. So Jack wants to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2749.9s	2749.9	 use a protocol. Okay, but fine. But he's on the right track here, which is he's saying, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2754.0s	2754.0	 we don't want to be in the business of having this power to decide who's going to have access to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2761.0s	2761.0	 you know, to the town square. And that's a step in the right direction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2763.6s	2763.6	 But he's also got a project there to turn social networks into open standards. So in other words,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2770.0s	2770.0	 the way we can all anybody can make an email client, because email is an open standard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2773.9s	2773.9	 anybody can build a web page or a browser, because HTML is an open standard, he wants to do that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2778.7s	2778.7	 And he's working on that inside of Twitter, where anybody is going to be able to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2783.6s	2783.6	 their tweets, and they're going to be decentralized, there's going to be no central server.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2789.2s	2789.2	 And you're going to be able to bring your own algorithm. So if you feel the algorithm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2794.0s	2794.0	 is causing you to see extreme views, you can say I want mine to only lean towards,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2799.9s	2799.9	 I want this one that leads towards positivity and kindness, right, and somebody can make a third party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2804.9s	2804.9	 there's an algorithm that gets rid of jerks. You guys probably saw this week, but a deal was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2810.3s	2810.3	 announced, an investment was announced. And recent Sequoia myself and a few others, we did this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2816.2s	2816.2	 thing called bit cloud. Oh, I heard about this. So what is it just to give you a sense of it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2821.3s	2821.3	 It's like, I've been hearing about it separately from a bunch of people. Yeah. So I mean, like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2826.0s	2826.0	 in a nutshell, you know, what these guys did was they said, Okay, well, you know, we're just going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2829.7s	2829.7	 to take, you know, this entire blockchain concept, and we're going to fork it, and we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2834.3s	2834.3	 create this thing where folks can essentially have one blockchain, they can, you know, have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2843.1s	2843.1	 content around it, and then identify sort of people and nodes. And now all of a sudden, like we all have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2848.5s	2848.5	 this currency that sits on top of this bit cloud currency. And why that's interesting is their first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2854.1s	2854.1	 app that they built on top of this was basically a kind of a clone of Twitter, just kind of as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2860.0s	2860.0	 proof of concept app. And I think Jason, it's moving to a place where now people with reputation and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2868.5s	2868.5	 people with trust can actually signal that they have it. And then that's a probably a better way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2874.4s	2874.4	 over time for folks like us to figure out what is valuable and not valuable, what is trustworthy and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2882.9s	2882.9	 not irrespective of whichever end of the spectrum is coming in off of and then if there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2887.8s	2887.8	 disinformation, you know, that person's quote unquote, bit cloud stock, right, that their token
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2893.9s	2893.9	 will fall in value. There'll probably be a lot of interesting apps that are built on top of this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2898.9s	2898.9	 I was really drawn to the general idea of the project. And I think that's what Andreessen and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2904.8s	2904.8	 Sequoia probably felt as well. So you know, there are these interesting solutions, there's bit cloud,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2909.1s	2909.1	 there's Jason, what you said, this open source project at Twitter, it's all it's all going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2912.4s	2912.4	 be really interesting. But I think if we can get to a way where we can quantify reputation and trust,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2916.8s	2916.8	 that's the another way of around working around the pulling up the ladder effect of what Facebook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2922.9s	2922.9	 and Twitter effectively told Congress this week. I want to talk to you guys about what the hell what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2927.3s	2927.3	 the hell is going on in the Suez Canal? And what does this mean? I mean, Freiburg, what the fuck is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2934.4s	2934.4	 this? This is unbelievable. You know, it's so random, and unfortunate, but this, this ship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2941.7s	2941.7	 that weighs 200,000 metric tons, that's taller, it's longer than the Empire State Building is tall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2949.4s	2949.4	 going through the Suez Canal, which I think, you know, there's about 100 ships a day go through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2953.1s	2953.1	 the Suez Canal. And it's, you know, the Suez Canal, really is, you know, kind of an amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2960.1s	2960.1	 engineering accomplishment that connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea, it basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2966.4s	2966.4	 allows ships from Asia to not have to go all the way around Africa to get to Europe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2970.5s	2970.5	 And the ship goes into the Suez Canal, and it had a blackout, its power went out. And so it just kept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2976.0s	2976.0	 cruising without being able to control the steering, because there's like frigging power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2979.6s	2979.6	 steering on these massive ships. You know, like, they don't have like a wire connected to the rudder.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2984.9s	2984.9	 And so, you know, no backup battery supply, I guess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2989.2s	2989.2	 No one knows, but like the power went out, the total blackout on the ship, they couldn't get the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2993.2s	2993.2	 power back on. And the thing just keeps cruising and cruising and cruising. And it cruises right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=2997.2s	2997.2	 into the side, which is this big sand barrier on either side of the Suez Canal. And it gets lodged
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3002.2s	3002.2	 in the sand barrier on the side. Now, when you have 200,000 metric tons moving at a few miles an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3007.3s	3007.3	 hour, that's an incredible amount of momentum of energy. And so when it lodges in the side,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3013.5s	3013.5	 it's lodged in there. And now it's stuck. Math times acceleration equals stuck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3017.2s	3017.2	 Yeah, it's actually math times velocity, but yeah, you're close. And so the thing just basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3022.9s	3022.9	 got lodged in there, and they can't get it out. And now they think it's going to take another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3026.9s	3026.9	 week or two before they'll be able to kind of dig all around the sand and tugboat the thing out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3031.0s	3031.0	 there. But I think what's interesting, so 10% of global trade moves through the Suez Canal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3036.6s	3036.6	 And about 100 of these massive ships a day, you know, move through this canal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3040.9s	3040.9	 But it really highlights the fragility of our global supply chain, similar to kind of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3045.5s	3045.5	 experience I think we had during the COVID pandemic when all of a sudden things like toilet paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3049.7s	3049.7	 were less available to us. But you know, a small power outage on a boat, on a ship, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3056.9s	3056.9	 in the middle of the Suez Canal can suddenly block up so much of global trade and cause,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3063.2s	3063.2	 you know, massive fluctuations in commodity prices and availability of supplies and products for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3068.5s	3068.5	 businesses around the world. There's going to be rippling economic effects for a period of time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3072.8s	3072.8	 It's unclear how significant they're going to be. But you know, I really do think that taking note
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3078.4s	3078.4	 of the fragility of our supply chain in this particular context is worth taking a step back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3083.4s	3083.4	 And you know, I spent a lot of my personal, my work time, obviously off the podcast,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3089.4s	3089.4	 thinking about kind of our systems of industry. And you know, the global industrial revolutions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3095.5s	3095.5	 were really predicated on this notion of centralization. You know, we took a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3100.2s	3100.2	 our production systems and we centralized them and created automated repeatable tasks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3104.7s	3104.7	 And that reduced the cost and allowed us per unit of production to basically make things much more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3110.4s	3110.4	 affordably. But the problem with centralization, generally speaking, in supply chains is exactly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3115.2s	3115.2	 this, which is you have a supply chain that is much more delicate. And it is much more, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3121.9s	3121.9	 think about the difference in power, right? If the power goes out at a power plant, all the homes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3126.0s	3126.0	 that are connected to it lose power versus if every home had their own power generator or solar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3130.4s	3130.4	 cells, they could continue to support themselves. And in a similar context, so much, and this goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3134.6s	3134.6	 back to our conversation earlier about globalization, so much of our global supply chain for industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3140.1s	3140.1	 has become centralized by finding the lowest cost possible, but it loses all of its durability.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3146.4s	3146.4	 And so the 21st century and especially leading into this infrastructure bill that we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3150.8s	3150.8	 to be talking about or that's going to be talked about for a long time now, for months to come,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3155.6s	3155.6	 presents an opportunity for us to think about durability in industry and durability in supply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3161.0s	3161.0	 chains that I think is really profound and allows us to shift the balance of power, but also shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3168.4s	3168.4	 the sources of production of all the things we consume as a species in a much more distributed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3175.6s	3175.6	 way. And that can be done using green technology, using 3D printers, using bio manufacturing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3182.4s	3182.4	 using solar, there's a lot of vertical farming, vertical, yeah, whatever. I'll disagree with you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3188.6s	3188.6	 on that one and we'll talk about that separately. But I would argue like so much of industry has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3193.7s	3193.7	 been centralized because remember when the industrial revolutions took hold, the only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3198.1s	3198.1	 skill set we had as a species was mechanical engineering. And in the years that followed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3202.5s	3202.5	 we developed skills in chemical engineering and ultimately in software and hardware engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3207.7s	3207.7	 and now more recently in biochemical engineering where we can use biological systems to make stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3212.2s	3212.2	 And the advent of those technology capabilities I think really gives us the opportunity today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3217.2s	3217.2	 to reinvent these supply chains. And so the Suez Canal, I hope, is a little bit of a wakeup call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3222.4s	3222.4	 and I hope leads into some of the thinking around the infrastructure build proposals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3226.3s	3226.3	 where we're about building durability in the supply chain. And in that process, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3230.4s	3230.4	 creating manufacturing jobs in a more distributed way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3233.5s	3233.5	 Let me build on what you're saying. So for all of the people listening that really,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3238.9s	3238.9	 really care about electrification and electric cars and there's a bunch of Tesla bulls here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3244.5s	3244.5	 Tesla uses a specific kind of battery called NCA and there's other forms of batteries,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3250.4s	3250.4	 but for the most part in Tesla in China uses this LFP chemistry. But the point is there's a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3256.5s	3256.5	 very, very valuable nickel that goes into making lithium ion batteries. And so if you believe in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3262.8s	3262.8	 electrification and you believe in zero emissions and you believe in using these batteries, you need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3268.5s	3268.5	 to believe in nickel, which is a tough business. You're grabbing rock out of the ground and you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3274.6s	3274.6	 leaching this extremely important metal out of it. So just a little while ago, there is a huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3282.9s	3282.9	 nickel manufacturer called Norlisk Nickel, right? And they have these two Russian nickel mines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3290.3s	3290.3	 And just very recently they flooded and the plug which had been erected for localizing the flooding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3297.8s	3297.8	 was washed away, not for the first time, not for the second time, but for the third time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3302.4s	3302.4	 And people now think that getting all this water out of the mine may take at least a year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3309.4s	3309.4	 Okay. So why should we care? Well, right now, if you think about all the batteries that were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3315.2s	3315.2	 forecasted to make in order to sort of eliminate climate change and do all these good things and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3320.7s	3320.7	 for Tesla to make their beautiful cars or whomever, they need nickel. And right now we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3329.4s	3329.4	 a deficit of nickel that's going to emerge now in less than a year. And we have about a 37 to 40%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3337.5s	3337.5	 shortage of what we need. So it's like you have all these grandiose visions of how the world should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3343.9s	3343.9	 work. And an electric failure in a barge shuts down the global supply chain for weeks. A flood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3351.2s	3351.2	 in a nickel mine is going to cost the price of a Tesla to basically double. And shouldn't people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3357.6s	3357.6	 at some point ask ourselves, is this really what efficiency is supposed to feel like on the ground?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3365.0s	3365.0	 And it may not be right. And so maybe again, going back to the first conversation, a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3370.1s	3370.1	 bit more inefficiency, a little bit more inflation, a little bit more redundancy will allow us to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3376.6s	3376.6	 resilient. And maybe that's what we really want. We know. Well, I mean, you could ask the people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3381.0s	3381.0	 in Texas what they want after they lost their power and they have one light snowstorm and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3386.2s	3386.2	 whole city is destroyed. I mean, there really is. There is something to having the redundancy in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3392.4s	3392.4	 your home and the supply chain and obviously drugs, which we witnessed during the pandemic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3399.3s	3399.3	 Right. I mean, we were so concerned about short-term profit maximization that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3406.6s	3406.6	 offshored our entire pharmaceutical production and PPE manufacturing to China, which then said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3414.4s	3414.4	 that they might ration it to us based on geopolitical concerns. No, thank you. So yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3419.1s	3419.1	 that is penny wise and pound foolish. The absolute definition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3424.7s	3424.7	 Is the infrastructure bill going to fix it? Freeburg, you have a rundown of the infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3429.4s	3429.4	 bill? You know, there isn't a good clarity on this. My concern is that there's going to be lots of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3436.0s	3436.0	 push for things like roads and stuff that doesn't create ongoing jobs that so much money is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3442.4s	3442.4	 go into basically a disguised stimulus package versus, you know, the ideal kind of infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3449.9s	3449.9	 program set is to enable industry. So if you go back and you think about like the Manhattan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3455.7s	3455.7	 project and the Apollo mission, you know, those were very expensive government programs that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3460.0s	3460.0	 a very specific mandate, but because there were big investments and difficult problems, they unlocked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3465.3s	3465.3	 a lot of industry that followed that initial development cycle. And I think that is kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3470.8s	3470.8	 a good guideline for us to think about with respect to what we might hope for an infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3475.4s	3475.4	 bill to do, which is to create unlock for industry, as opposed to plowing money into short term service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3481.3s	3481.3	 contracts with a bunch of guys who are going to make a ton of money building roads, and it doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3485.2s	3485.2	 really change the industry very much. And so I'm concerned it's going to be a giveaway of money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3489.0s	3489.0	 that's going to create a short term stimulus, but doesn't really create long term effects in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3492.8s	3492.8	 industry. But we'll see what kind of comes out as they get more clarity on this. There's certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3496.6s	3496.6	 a big push for quote unquote, green, but I'm not sure the people that are quote unquote, green
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3500.8s	3500.8	 advisors in this context are going to be thinking about this, you know, this next century of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3505.6s	3505.6	 opportunity. You know, yeah, so we'll see. America is going to have to have a real come to Jesus if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3511.2s	3511.2	 they actually really give a shit about climate change. I'll give you a different example, like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3516.9s	3516.9	 again, to really electrify, you have to pull metals out of the ground. That is a dirty business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3523.6s	3523.6	 okay. And there are impacts to the environment, even if you're the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3527.6s	3527.6	 at it. And right now in the Western hemisphere, it takes 20 years to green light a mine 20 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3536.0s	3536.0	 Our shortages start in the next year. In China, they have, you know, no issues whatsoever,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3542.5s	3542.5	 right? Let's just say so maybe it takes them seven to 10 years to get a to get a project greenlit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3546.5s	3546.5	 Now, I'm not advocating that we become China. But I think that it's really important for us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3551.4s	3551.4	 to realize that like, you know, if we're going to really take this seriously, you can't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3558.0s	3558.0	 progress being hijacked by things that may not matter as much in the grand scheme of things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3563.8s	3563.8	 Like there is the opportunity, for example, to build a massive set of copper and nickel mines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3569.5s	3569.5	 in the Western hemisphere. But the minute that they get greenlit, they get there's an injunction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3573.3s	3573.3	 that's filed by an NGO that'll say, Oh, you know, we have to think about the land grouse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3577.6s	3577.6	 And it's like, what the fuck is the land grouse? And at some point, you have to figure out whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3583.9s	3583.9	 you actually want your kids to have asthma or not. And whether they can suck up, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3588.3s	3588.3	 PM two to five and PM 10 for the rest of their lives, or you care more about the land grass.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3593.2s	3593.2	 And this is going to come, come to a head. And hopefully the infrastructure bill paves the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3599.4s	3599.4	 for these decisions. Because I think as a country, we're going to have to decide because many other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3604.6s	3604.6	 countries in order to have clean air and drinkable water are going to basically prioritize humans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3609.2s	3609.2	 over the land grass. Yeah, I mean, it reminds me of the nuclear discussion we had earlier in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3614.5s	3614.5	 this podcast of like, we can't even put a new nuclear power plant in this country without it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3619.5s	3619.5	 taking decades. And any any any interesting updates on the business side I saw? Is Microsoft really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3626.5s	3626.5	 about to buy discord for $10 billion? Yeah, if you look at that compared to, you know, the slack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3632.1s	3632.1	 acquisition is slack got bought for 28 billion with was it 800 million in revenue, yearly revenue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3639.2s	3639.2	 at the time, and discord has 150 million and they're going for 10. It's unbelievable. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3644.7s	3644.7	 it's an even higher multiple. So how do you feel about your Yammer sale for 1.2 billion at this point?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3651.6s	3651.6	 Well, it was it was in hindsight, it was probably cheap. It made the market. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3656.4s	3656.4	 I mean, back in 2012, we we really thought back in 2012 that 1 to 2 billion was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3663.6s	3663.6	 the best case scenario of Yeah, the upper bound of what a SaaS exit would look like.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3668.0s	3668.0	 We just never realized how big the market could get. And now obviously, you have slack at close
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3671.9s	3671.9	 to 30 billion, you have DocuSign IPO, and you have 40 billion, you have Zoom at over 100 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3678.0s	3678.0	 And so the markets just ended up so much bigger than we ever thought. And we were the optimists,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3682.5s	3682.5	 we were the ones building companies in SaaS back then. And so the cloud has just been so I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3687.7s	3687.7	 and you see this now with, you know, the numbers that Azure and Google Cloud, and AWS keep reporting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3695.3s	3695.3	 where they're at like 10s of billions of revenue, and they're still growing like 40 50% of the year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3700.2s	3700.2	 So the cloud is just so much bigger than what we all thought and what came before. So that's what I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3707.3s	3707.3	 mean. So I've just decided to stop trying to find new ideas and just I mean, you see like a new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3713.0s	3713.0	 thesis, and just keep investing in this. That's why I'm kind of all in on on SaaS right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3718.2s	3718.2	 Curt Jaimungal Do you think Microsoft is doing this to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3720.4s	3720.4	 compete with slack or they're doing it to just really take over gaming? You have any insights,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3725.5s	3725.5	 sex?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3725.8s	3725.8	 Soterios I think probably it's probably an element of both where they do like one of their few
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3732.0s	3732.0	 consumer business lines that's done really well as Xbox and gaming and they bought Minecraft.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3737.5s	3737.5	 And so I think they can get some value out of it there. But I have to believe that this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3742.0s	3742.0	 competitively driven. They got to be worried about slack. I mean, the crown jewel at Microsoft is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3747.2s	3747.2	 office suite. The reason they bought Yammer is to accelerate the transition of office into cloud,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3753.2s	3753.2	 social and mobile. And it did help do that. And they got to be worried about Salesforce now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3759.6s	3759.6	 buying slack. I mean, that is Benioff has been wanting to go after office for a long time. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3764.8s	3764.8	 this is his way to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3765.9s	3765.9	 Curt Jaimungal Yeah. All right. There you have it, folks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3770.5s	3770.5	 Another all in podcast is in the can. Let me just ask a question. Are people making summer plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3776.7s	3776.7	 and fall plans based on the pandemic world?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3780.8s	3780.8	 Soterios I'm making tonight plans. I can't wait to get you victims into the poker room.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3784.8s	3784.8	 Sacks, I want you to fly in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3786.4s	3786.4	 Curt Jaimungal We need a full bestie victim.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3791.1s	3791.1	 Benioff Well, Sacks, what's your plan tonight? Like, are you going to some fancy, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3795.1s	3795.1	 pasta restaurant with your wife?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3796.6s	3796.6	 Soterios What are you doing? Popping bottles with?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3798.0s	3798.0	 Benioff Yeah. Yeah. Who are you hanging out with tonight, Sacks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3801.0s	3801.0	 Soterios What are you doing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3801.6s	3801.6	 Curt Jaimungal Yeah, what are you doing these days?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3802.8s	3802.8	 Soterios I was just hanging out with the kids. It was Friday night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3805.4s	3805.4	 Benioff Do you know their names?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3807.7s	3807.7	 Benioff Yeah. Put them to bed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3809.8s	3809.8	 Soterios How many kids do you have?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3810.3s	3810.3	 Benioff Put them to bed. Fly up north.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3812.4s	3812.4	 Soterios What are your birthdays?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3812.7s	3812.7	 Benioff Come to the poker game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3814.7s	3814.7	 Soterios Tell us your kids' middle names.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3816.0s	3816.0	 Benioff Actually, that's a good one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3819.7s	3819.7	 Soterios Oops.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3821.8s	3821.8	 Soterios Yeah, whatever. Jollas. Who knows? I went to the movies last night. I took my 11-year-old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3831.2s	3831.2	 out. She wanted to get a Shake Shack, so I took her to Shake Shack. And the movie theater was there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3836.7s	3836.7	 and it was open. And I was like, oh, let's go check it out of what's going on at the movie theater.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3841.1s	3841.1	 And Terminator 2 was playing 15 minutes later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3843.6s	3843.6	 Great film.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3844.9s	3844.9	 Incredible film holds up and amazing to see on the big screen. We walk in, I kid you not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3850.4s	3850.4	 you know, 100 seat theater with these beautiful big chairs, nobody there. And they were so excited.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3856.6s	3856.6	 Sorry, Jacob, did you rent the whole thing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3859.0s	3859.0	 No, it just happens to be that they're open for business. They space people out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3863.5s	3863.5	 And it was $5 a ticket to see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3866.2s	3866.2	 Benioff I'm taking my I'm taking my daughters to the movies this afternoon. First time they've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3871.1s	3871.1	 ever been to the movies. They're, you know, three and a half and two. I am so excited to take them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3877.1s	3877.1	 to a movie theater. So we rented the whole theater for $99. It's the best deal in town.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3881.2s	3881.2	 What what movie are you seeing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3883.7s	3883.7	 Trolls. You can choose a movie. That's the cool thing. There's like a list of like 50 films,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3887.3s	3887.3	 and you can pick a film. So I got like a little kids film for them. And they get to go see a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3891.4s	3891.4	 movie theater and have popcorn, have the experience. And awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3894.4s	3894.4	 And you can have other friends there?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3896.2s	3896.2	 Yeah, you can have up to 20 people. So you rent the whole theater for 99 bucks. And you can kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3900.2s	3900.2	 of if you want to come see Trolls, Chimam, just cruise up, I'll send you a ticket.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3903.5s	3903.5	 Oh, my god, that's the coolest fucking thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3905.3s	3905.3	 That's a little versus Kong is happening. And I'm renting a theater for it. So if everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3909.2s	3909.2	 wants to bring their kids, it's a great series would never sleep after seeing that. It's no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3914.2s	3914.2	 no, it's not for three to five year olds. But you know, 10 year olds. Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3917.7s	3917.7	 It's 100 bucks. This is an AMC theater.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3920.8s	3920.8	 99 bucks. It's awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3921.9s	3921.9	 For AMC. But the the Cinnapolis I think charges 200. And that's the like really high end theater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3927.3s	3927.3	 where you can press a button and the waiter comes. And the waiter was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3931.5s	3931.5	 thanks for coming. We really appreciate it. Like you're one of the first guests.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3935.2s	3935.2	 No way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3935.7s	3935.7	 There is no way movie theaters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3937.2s	3937.2	 It was kind of like an emotional moment for me to take my daughter again, because that's what we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3940.8s	3940.8	 would do every Friday. Yeah. You know, school, there's no way movie theaters go out of business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3944.8s	3944.8	 I mean, they're just it's such like, like a traditional experience. It's so American.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3948.6s	3948.6	 I wonder what AMC is trading at. Hmm. I wonder if AMC would be an interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3952.9s	3952.9	 I, I, I.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3954.2s	3954.2	 Sax is sitting this conversation out. He's like, I got my movie theater downstairs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3957.7s	3957.7	 The usher is on standby ready to let me in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3961.9s	3961.9	 Sax is like, oh, you can only rent a 20 seat theater. I have a 40 seat theater.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3965.0s	3965.0	 Sax, how many theaters do you have built in your various homes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3969.6s	3969.6	 Do you only have one theater per home, Sax? Is it one theater per home?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3972.7s	3972.7	 No, he's got a multiplex in each case people want to watch different movies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3977.6s	3977.6	 They meet at the popcorn stand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3979.5s	3979.5	 I'm excited to go back to the movies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3981.7s	3981.7	 Me too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3982.0s	3982.0	 I'm going to be able to do that soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3984.6s	3984.6	 How excited are you guys to go to Disneyland? I want to take my kids to Disneyland.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3987.9s	3987.9	 I can't wait.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3988.6s	3988.6	 Me. I can't wait.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3990.0s	3990.0	 Sax and I.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3990.8s	3990.8	 COVID is over. I'm so sick. By the way, how right, how right were we?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3996.0s	3996.0	 I think it was like two or three pods ago. We were saying that COVID would be over by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=3999.6s	3999.6	 Memorial Day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4000.4s	4000.4	 Memorial Day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4000.9s	4000.9	 And even in California, Gavin Newsom basically has finally capitulated to logic and everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4006.6s	4006.6	 can get a shot now as of April 15th.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4009.6s	4009.6	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4010.8s	4010.8	 Which means by May 15th, everybody who wants to get vaccinated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4014.0s	4014.0	 All it took was a recall. 2.2 million signatures.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4016.8s	4016.8	 It took the recall and shaming him and berating him on Twitter constantly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4021.4s	4021.4	 I mean, Peter Pham was tweeting out like every day the growing inventories of vaccine and all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4027.4s	4027.4	 the open appointments. We all were and it's like ridiculous. We kept mentioning him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4031.8s	4031.8	 Five million shots on shelves in a pandemic. I mean, you don't need to be freeburg to understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4037.8s	4037.8	 how vaccines work. Each person's a blocker, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4041.1s	4041.1	 Yeah. And the other thing that got Newsom to move was that Biden gave that press conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4047.6s	4047.6	 in which he moved up the date. And so then that prompted Newsom to move up his date.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4052.7s	4052.7	 And the same thing happened like a month ago when Biden gave that speech where he said he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4059.7s	4059.7	 gave that May 1st date as a date everyone should get vaccinated. So frankly, it'd be nice if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4064.4s	4064.4	 had a governor who would just do the right thing without the constant threat of recall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4068.9s	4068.9	 and tweet shaming and the president dragging him into the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4076.3s	4076.3	 But I guess- What should we do with all- I'm curious what you guys think of what we should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4079.2s	4079.2	 do with all this extra supply. I had an interesting idea for the economy. If you come to America and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4084.5s	4084.5	 you've tested that you don't have COVID, right? You take a test before you get there. If you come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4089.2s	4089.2	 to America, we will give you the vaccine at the airport. Jason, I think here's what we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4095.1s	4095.1	 to do from now on. How great would that be for tourism? You're going to have three little chips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4099.3s	4099.3	 a week and you get to put a chip in a jar and then you can suggest one of your ideas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4103.4s	4103.4	 But then once you get through, we're done. Okay. I thought this was a good idea for the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4109.3s	4109.3	 Vaccine tourism? No, we formalize vaccine tourism. If you come to America for vacation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4114.8s	4114.8	 complimentary vaccines on the way in. I mean, we're already at the point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4123.4s	4123.4	 No, I think effectively we're going to have that. It won't be at the airport, but I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4127.4s	4127.4	 all the restrictions are coming off in every state by mid-April now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4130.6s	4130.6	 Jason, those people can't afford an international plane ticket. They're not going to come to the US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4134.8s	4134.8	 to get a shot. I would like to advocate that we take these extra vaccines and we ship them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4140.2s	4140.2	 to the developing world. Yeah, they should go south of the border for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4144.0s	4144.0	 For sure. Yeah. And by the way, we're doing a much better job vaccinating people than Europe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4148.2s	4148.2	 I mean, it's unbelievable that COVID is spiking in Europe right now because they've been so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4152.2s	4152.2	 incompetent at getting people vaccinated. Well, their issue was they didn't want to put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4156.0s	4156.0	 the order in. Shockingly incompetent. Shockingly incompetent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4158.6s	4158.6	 The Canadians and the Europeans said, we want you to prove to us the vaccine works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4162.8s	4162.8	 before we put our order in. I don't think it's that, Jason. I think Jason, I think that sometimes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4168.9s	4168.9	 I think over the last 40 years, there's been two polar opposites of governing people. One is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4175.1s	4175.1	 I would call the autocrat and the other is what I would call kindergarten soccer, where when the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4180.4s	4180.4	 ball, no matter where the ball is on the soccer field, every player on every team is surrounded.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4187.0s	4187.0	 And so as a result, no progress is. Here, progress is bursty and unpredictable and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4192.8s	4192.8	 sometimes not great, but it can happen. And this is where like, I mean, we are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4199.1s	4199.1	 I'm still shocked at the lack of scientific rigor and understanding by these people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4204.8s	4204.8	 And so how could you have an entire Western set of countries who are theoretically not stupid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4212.4s	4212.4	 be in this situation in April of 2021, knowing what we know?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4217.2s	4217.2	 Yeah. Well, how's, how's, how's Brexit, how's Brexit looking now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4220.7s	4220.7	 Oh my God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4221.3s	4221.3	 Because Britain is like, it's almost fully vaccinated. Their COVID numbers are coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4227.1s	4227.1	 way down. And then the British variant, the British variant, it started in the UK,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4231.7s	4231.7	 is spreading like wildfire across Europe because they're too bureaucratic to get everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4235.8s	4235.8	 vaccinated. So, I mean, Britain is looking really good by comparison right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4241.2s	4241.2	 They opted out of kindergarten soccer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4244.7s	4244.7	 Yeah. And by the way, this is just to tie back to the infrastructure for a second. I don't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4248.8s	4248.8	 a problem with infrastructure if the investment is going to be spent wisely, but how much of us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4252.8s	4252.8	 trust the government to spend the money wisely, as opposed to on pork barrel spending and wasteful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4258.1s	4258.1	 projects and taking too long. We have the Bay Bridge in San Francisco. The original Bay Bridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4263.1s	4263.1	 took two years to build. And then the, the repair of it took 17 years where they did like the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4268.7s	4268.7	 the upgraded version. And that's the problem we have is that nobody really trusts our government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4272.9s	4272.9	 anymore to allocate this money wisely. Just to give people an idea, doses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4278.4s	4278.4	 administered per 100 people 39. Well, now 40 for the US and Israel 114. Obviously there's two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4287.0s	4287.0	 dough shots and Spain 14, Italy 14, Canada 12, Mexico for my mom who's almost 80 just got her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4297.3s	4297.3	 first shot, which I think is inexcusable. Justin Trudeau, if you're listening disaster, I just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4303.0s	4303.0	 I just think that's unacceptable, unacceptable. She's 79 years old. It's unacceptable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4309.2s	4309.2	 God, I mean, these politicians, these politicians and bureaucrats design this complicated system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4315.6s	4315.6	 to prove that they're helping people. It's just like new school equity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4320.0s	4320.0	 All they do is get in the way. Equity. That's the word. The red, the red light should go off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4325.6s	4325.6	 and you should run far away from whatever comes after. We're going to solve an equity problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4330.0s	4330.0	 We see efficiency. Let's let's go. Yeah. All right, everybody. We'll see you all next time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4335.2s	4335.2	 on the all in podcast. Love you guys. Love you guys. See you tonight. See you tonight. See you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4338.8s	4338.8	 tonight. Love you. Bring us some of that. Bring us some of that. Sax crafty poo money. Come on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4348.8s	4348.8	 Buy it. Come on. We won't play PLL. We'll keep it to hold them. Yeah. We know if you fly up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4355.0s	4355.0	 if you fly up for the evening, you're going to be just fully committed. You know, you're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4358.3s	4358.3	 be playing right. Yeah, you're right. I'll come in tilted because I'll be negative.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4367.2s	4367.2	 Just go for a coin toss. How about if we cover it? We'll just do a flip and we'll cover it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4371.8s	4371.8	 We'll cover your jet fuel. That's not a no. I didn't hear a no. Somebody's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4379.3s	4379.3	 text and tell her to kick him out of the house tonight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4388.5s	4388.5	 Oh, and it said we open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4393.8s	4393.8	 Love you. Queen of King.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4402.7s	4402.7	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4405.3s	4405.3	 That is my dog taking a notice in your driveway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4413.2s	4413.2	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4417.1s	4417.1	 like this, like sexual tension, but they just need to release them out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4421.2s	4421.2	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4421.5s	4421.5	 You're the big.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Rz8lzYPBQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=109&t=4426.4s	4426.4	 We need to get.
