https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=0.0s	0.0	 My name is David Sachs and I have a broomstick in my b****.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=5.4s	5.4	 That is why my voice is so deep. I have never had friends in my life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=10.7s	10.7	 Somebody be my friend who I don't pay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=17.8s	17.8	 What a mood we're in today. What a vibe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=30.6s	30.6	 And instead we open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=40.5s	40.5	 Hey everybody. Hey everybody. Welcome to another episode of the All In Podcast with us today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=45.6s	45.6	 the rotating cast of characters that you've come to know and love and follow on the Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=50.9s	50.9	 the Queen of Kinwa. David Friedberg is here and the Rain Man, David Sachs calling in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=58.6s	58.6	 from one remote location that is undisclosed and the dictator, Chamath Palihapitiya with us again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=66.7s	66.7	 Gentlemen, how's everybody doing? I'm punchy. You're punchy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=73.0s	73.0	 I'm punchy. Chamath is in a mood. Is he in a mood? What's happening Chamath?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=77.3s	77.3	 Nothing. I just finished a workout so I think I'm high on endorphins.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=81.3s	81.3	 How much money did you lose in the market today?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=83.3s	83.3	 Wow. Sachs comes in and just a flagrant foul on the first play of the game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=91.4s	91.4	 He said he wasn't happy so I was just hypothesizing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=94.8s	94.8	 No, no. I am happy. I'm about to go on Easter vacation so I'm happy about that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=101.2s	101.2	 Have you accepted Jesus?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=103.4s	103.4	 Can I just tell you, March 2nd or whatever that day was, was an absolutely ludicrous day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=109.6s	109.6	 We've kind of clawed it all back. We're doing pretty decently for the year again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=113.6s	113.6	 But I got to say, my gosh, I've really learned to deal with drawdowns in the last 30 days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=120.6s	120.6	 It's been an amazing learning process. I'm a better person for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=124.4s	124.4	 You did look pretty shell shocked that episode.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=126.8s	126.8	 Dude, I want to say, I lost more money than I ever thought I would make.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=131.2s	131.2	 I could bail out a small country. It just vanished. It just evaporated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=138.4s	138.4	 It just evaporated in a day. It was incredible. Then it came back and then came back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=143.9s	143.9	 Well, what do we think is happening in the markets right now in terms of retail investor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=150.5s	150.5	 participation and the number of SPACs that are coming into the market? I saw a statistic today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=157.0s	157.0	 that in Q1 there were 245 SPACs raised in Q1 or 250. That's on top of the 250 that were raised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=167.0s	167.0	 last year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=167.8s	167.8	 More capital was raised in Q1 than 2020, 2019, and 2018 combined in SPACs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=174.8s	174.8	 And just in Q1.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=176.7s	176.7	 Just to put some further color on this, you had all these folks raise money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=183.4s	183.4	 You had some really questionable sponsors, to be completely honest with you. I'm not going to call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=188.8s	188.8	 any of these guys out because I don't want to give them any air time. But you literally had people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=193.4s	193.4	 who ran companies into the ground, people who were kicked out of their companies for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=199.0s	199.0	 sexual impropriety. It didn't matter. Any random dog and cat was able to raise a SPAC in Q1.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=204.6s	204.6	 Now on the back end, you're going to start seeing some real difficulty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=210.7s	210.7	 Deals are getting re-traded constantly, which means that IPOs that should have been done at price X
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=217.8s	217.8	 is getting discounted by 20% and 30% to get the deal done. There are all kinds of side deals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=223.1s	223.1	 getting cut left and right. And this is just the beginning. And the reason is because that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=228.6s	228.6	 free brokerage, you say 265?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=232.0s	232.0	 There was about 110 billion raised in Q1.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=234.6s	234.6	 But how many deals? 260 deals?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=236.3s	236.3	 298.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=237.5s	237.5	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=237.8s	237.8	 Almost 300.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=239.0s	239.0	 So those 300...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=240.3s	240.3	 248 in 2020.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=241.8s	241.8	 Just so we're still in the first inning. If you think about it, these SPACs have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=246.3s	246.3	 two years to put the money to work. So we're only max 90 days in to a two-year shot clock,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=252.8s	252.8	 a 700-day shot clock. And so you're going to see some really crazy behavior I predict in November
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=258.3s	258.3	 of 2022. The last six months leading into the expiration of all these SPACs in between now and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=264.6s	264.6	 then, I think the market is really going to hold people accountable. So when we see a pipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=269.6s	269.6	 opportunity now, we're incredibly firm on like, hey, listen, the 2025 projections,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=274.9s	274.9	 we're going to back off of those. We want to see 2023 numbers. We're going to price it to that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=278.8s	278.8	 We're going to price it with a margin of safety. And so these people come back and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=282.2s	282.2	 recut the deals constantly. There's a situation where this one deal retraded three times before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=287.7s	287.7	 a price cut. Done. And it ended up being 35%, 40% below where they started.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=294.3s	294.3	 I sent Chamath a note I got this morning from my friend who works at one of the banks and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=299.0s	299.0	 one of the bulge brackets. And they said there was like 50 pipes in the market last week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=302.7s	302.7	 And they think only five of them are going to get done. 50. And like, Chamath, what? Like a quarter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=307.4s	307.4	 or two ago, like 100% were getting done or 80% were getting done, right? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=311.3s	311.3	 Yeah, and I'll quite honestly, they were meaningfully oversubscribed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=315.8s	315.8	 And now we're demanding the people that look at these pipes, I'm one of them. But so I've talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=321.2s	321.2	 to some other people who do it. And we're all in the same situation, because we're demanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=326.0s	326.0	 much better terms. And so it's going to it's going to the pressure is going to come on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=331.5s	331.5	 not the founders and the companies, but it's going to come on the sponsors, because I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=335.6s	335.6	 sponsors will really have to put up a lot of their money to get these deals done. And this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=338.9s	338.9	 is where you're going to separate the wheat from the chaff, because most of these sponsors are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=342.4s	342.4	 doing it for a quick buck. And you'll see without debating who you think it is, when you see people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=348.5s	348.5	 unable to post the money to get a deal done, and that deal go away, that is the charlatan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=353.8s	353.8	 Right. Chamath, it seems like there's also a deleveraging happening with the funds that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=357.8s	357.8	 bought a lot of these SPACs and DSPAC listings in the aftermarket, right, which kind of creates a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=363.2s	363.2	 bit of a logjam on the back end for a lot of these. So you know, it's for those that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=367.0s	367.0	 interested in some of these market dynamics, one thing that I have learned in the last little while
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=371.0s	371.0	 is that depending on your who you are, risk is managed really differently. So for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=377.1s	377.1	 like there's, there's a friend gave me this language, and I'm going to repeat it, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=380.7s	380.7	 I think the way he said it was very elegant. There's what's called inception to date risk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=385.8s	385.8	 And then there's year to date risk. So what is the difference if you're a hedge fund,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=389.7s	389.7	 you're really in the year to date business, meaning, how am I doing in this current moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=394.2s	394.2	 in time, because your compensation is driven from that. And so you're very much forced to manage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=400.2s	400.2	 short term volatility in your portfolio. And a lot of it is very parametric when, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=406.2s	406.2	 something goes down by X percent, then you have to sell. And then if something goes down by Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=411.4s	411.4	 percent, you sell more. And if something goes by down by, you know, Z percent, you have to shut the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=416.1s	416.1	 position down. And those are extremely codified. And so when you have a lot of hedge funds who are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=421.9s	421.9	 parametrically running year to date risk, and you have, you know, all of a sudden, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=428.2s	428.2	 the threat of inflation, bond yields go up, factor rotation out of tech, it's a running to the exits,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=435.7s	435.7	 then you have other people who manage what's called inception to date risk. I would say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=440.2s	440.2	 Buffett is in that category, you know, for us, for the most part, we are inception to date risk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=445.0s	445.0	 because we don't have external LPs. And so you can manage these different risk buckets differently.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=452.5s	452.5	 But you have to appreciate that a lot of this volatility is a lot of year to date risk. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=457.0s	457.0	 then you layer on top of it, these exogenous events, like what happened this week with our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=460.7s	460.7	 Chegos. And it's just absolutely incredible, because it just further amplifies all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=467.3s	467.3	 people who would otherwise have made very rational decisions may forced to make irrational, year to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=472.6s	472.6	 date risk management decisions. And that's what causes these massive swings and all this malaise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=477.0s	477.0	 in the market. Saks, what are we seeing on in private company valuations? I know that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=484.6s	484.6	 while we're seeing the retreat in Chamath's part of the world, and people buckling down and maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=491.0s	491.0	 some more guardrails, if we will, or maybe a tighter screening process for these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=498.0s	498.0	 going public, you didn't say Fisker Chamath, but that was the one that had me like, what Fisker?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=503.3s	503.3	 Didn't they fail twice already? What are you seeing on the private market sex?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=508.7s	508.7	 Yeah, it's a very frothy time, to be honest. I think valuation levels are, I mean, they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=514.0s	514.0	 probably the highest I've seen. I'm seeing seed deals now, hot seed deals, not every seed deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=519.8s	519.8	 get done in the high 20s. Same. Yeah, exactly. It used to be, yeah, pre revenue. It used to be that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=528.5s	528.5	 I remember when pre revenue seed deals were more like a five to 10 cap, and then like that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=533.0s	533.0	 a little bit of revenue might be a 15 cap and like the hottest company out of YC.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=537.1s	537.1	 Just explain what that means, Saks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=539.7s	539.7	 The hottest company out of YC. No, no, no. A cap. A cap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=542.2s	542.2	 When you say 15 cap. A cap is just a valuation. It's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=544.2s	544.2	 $15 million valuation effectively. It's just done on a convertible note called a safe. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=549.7s	549.7	 but for all practical purposes, it's a valuation. So it used to be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=554.4s	554.4	 you know, pre revenue seed deals used to be in the five to $10 million valuation range, then,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=561.4s	561.4	 you know, a little bit of revenue would be 15. The hottest YC deal might be an 18 to $20 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=566.4s	566.4	 valuation. Now we're seeing hot pre revenue seed deals going for like 27 to 30.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=573.8s	573.8	 And what percent, what amount of capital is going into that round?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=577.5s	577.5	 It's usually like a 10 to 20% dilution event. So it's three million to six million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=582.6s	582.6	 Yeah, exactly. And they're not calling this the series A.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=586.2s	586.2	 They're still calling this the seed round. It's the first money in the company. So it's still a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=589.8s	589.8	 seed. And I mean, just, we also do obviously A and B and, and increasingly some growth investments,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=595.7s	595.7	 everything, the price levels are basically double where they were just, I would say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=600.4s	600.4	 like a year ago, you know, these same seed deals. Same thing I'm seeing. And it's making me think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=606.1s	606.1	 as a private market investor, that may be the right thing to do is to stop investing in some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=611.1s	611.1	 as many new companies and work with the existing portfolio to raise capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=615.8s	615.8	 So I told my team, let's go through the portfolio. Let's see who needs capital. And let's help them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=622.6s	622.6	 shore up their balance sheet when the market's hot. And valuations are high, as opposed to going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=628.1s	628.1	 and trying to get into every deal. So I think I'm going to do maybe 30% less deals and redeploy my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=633.8s	633.8	 time at getting the current portfolio cashed up and it's working. What do you think of this strategy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=640.3s	640.3	 Chamath or Sachs or Friedberg? I personally like it. I think that venture investors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=647.3s	647.3	 are typically trained, I was trained this way early on, which is to invest through the cycle,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=652.1s	652.1	 right? Just to think about this as a constant pattern of capital. And to be honest with you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=657.2s	657.2	 I have issues with doing that, Jason. And, and so I more agree with what you're saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=661.6s	661.6	 which is that I think like active risk management, especially, I guess, if it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=665.3s	665.3	 your own capital, but I just think active risk management is important. It's important to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=669.1s	669.1	 acknowledge that the incremental SaaS company may not be that great as it is. And so at 30 pre,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=675.9s	675.9	 maybe really stretching the bounds of reality. Whereas to your point, you know, what Sequoia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=681.8s	681.8	 has proven more than anything else to me is the value of doubling down and backing up your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=686.0s	686.0	 winners. And so to the extent that money isn't infinite, which it isn't for all of us, that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=691.9s	691.9	 when I do think it's worthwhile saying, well, I have a certain amount of money in my fund.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=695.9s	695.9	 If I think calm can 10x from here, then I'd rather put in a big check there. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=701.8s	701.8	 that's better than putting a bunch of C checks into companies will still have a 90% failure rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=706.6s	706.6	 at very, very high prices where I don't own that much. So I do think active risk management makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=711.4s	711.4	 sense in moments like this. I mean, I guess my philosophy is a little different, J. Cal. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=715.8s	715.8	 so I, my philosophy as a VC is that the market sets the price of the deals that I'm ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=722.6s	722.6	 a price taker. And my only decision really is which deals I want to be in. Like I don't really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=728.7s	728.7	 get to set the prices. It's too easy for entrepreneurs to run a process and get competing bids. So all I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=735.1s	735.1	 can really do is decide which deals I want to be in. And I think the more that you try to chase value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=741.4s	741.4	 as a VC, I think the more you end up investing in companies that aren't really that great,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=745.4s	745.4	 like you're trying to, you're trying to find things that are mispriced as opposed to just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=749.1s	749.1	 investing in the best companies. So now look, does due price levels affect my returns? I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=755.2s	755.2	 yes, I'm sure the vintages do matter to some degree, but the most important thing is just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=761.7s	761.7	 to be in the right, in the right companies. Can I just, can I just, I'll give you the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=764.9s	764.9	 counterfactual to what you just said. You know, if I, if I look at my three big private funds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=771.7s	771.7	 fund one was healthcare education, fintech, and some deep tech. Fund two was a massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=779.3s	779.3	 overindexation into SaaS. And then fund three was a return to our knitting and a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=786.2s	786.2	 deep tech stuff. And a lot of fund threes decisions was basically me saying enough of the SaaS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=792.4s	792.4	 And the reason was because I didn't like the valuations, David. And I thought on the margin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=797.0s	797.0	 if I'm going to invest $10 million, I'd rather get a 3d printing spaceship company off the ground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=803.0s	803.0	 than the end plus for a SaaS business. And it's turned out to have been in that cohort,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=808.1s	808.1	 the right decision. So I don't know. I think it's, I think that can also be true,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=812.3s	812.3	 which is like chasing what was the hottest thing was not in 2016 was not a good idea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=817.4s	817.4	 Yeah. So, so, so just let me respond to it real quick, Jason, cause so, um, so I, I do like SaaS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=823.5s	823.5	 investing, but I was doing it before it got hot. You know, it's just, that's kind of my area. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=827.5s	827.5	 I want to build a franchise in that area. Cause that's where my expertise are. And so I can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=831.8s	831.8	 like very well just say, Hey, the store is closed this year because price levels are high. Otherwise,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=837.8s	837.8	 like founders won't come to you to invest through this. Yeah, exactly. So I'm, I'm trying to create
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=841.5s	841.5	 like a very specific franchise in being the leading VC and bottom up SaaS. And look, sometimes the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=846.8s	846.8	 price levels be favorable during COVID. Uh, there was like a four month period where the markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=851.4s	851.4	 were off what 50% of everyone, like it felt like we had the market to ourselves, the VC market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=856.0s	856.0	 I mean, nobody else was investing. We did more deals during that four month period than I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=860.6s	860.6	 any other four month period. So like sometimes the price levels can bounce in your favor, but you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=866.5s	866.5	 know, my view on it is I just want to invest in the best companies and kind of the, the price
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=870.1s	870.1	 levels was worked themselves out. The counter I would have to your counter David was if there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=877.0s	877.0	 other startups who are of equal value, which pool you decide to go fishing in matters. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=883.3s	883.3	 you know, this $30 million deal, if I was to put $3 million into it, that could equal me putting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=891.2s	891.2	 with our accelerator, which not everybody runs an accelerator, it's arduous, it's painful, it takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=895.3s	895.3	 a ton of work, but that equals for me 30 deals at 100 K each. So I'm looking at it going, do I get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=902.6s	902.6	 one bet in this YC overpriced company with 50, you know, tier three venture capitalists and dentists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=909.6s	909.6	 backing up the truck and now family offices who don't know anything are now competing against the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=915.4s	915.4	 people they are LPs and their funds? Or do I just say, you know what, if everybody's fighting in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=921.6s	921.6	 market for the apples, I'm going to plant more apple trees and I'm going to run a better orchard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=925.7s	925.7	 And that's what I decided to do is maybe I'll just move up to the orchard a little bit, but I guess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=929.4s	929.4	 there's multiple ways to win in what we do. But you guys are broader in your strategy than I am,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=934.4s	934.4	 right? Like you guys actually do invest in lots of different kinds of companies. I've kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=939.1s	939.1	 gravitated away from that because I'd rather just focus on my specialty, which I feel like is big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=943.9s	943.9	 enough for me to be successful, right? Yeah. But what if there's a new category that comes out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=948.2s	948.2	 like on demand and something like Uber comes along or Airbnb and it doesn't fit the framework?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=953.8s	953.8	 Well, I invested in those companies, but so marketplaces, would you do it now? Or would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=957.8s	957.8	 your team say, you know what, don't bring this to David. He's going to say no. Cause your team is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=962.2s	962.2	 doing the first round interviews, right? Yeah. But, but we do marketplaces and my partner,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=967.0s	967.0	 Jeff didn't look like marketplaces originally though. Those are not considered like eBay or crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=971.8s	971.8	 I invest in them because I thought they were marketplaces. So, you know, so look, we do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=975.4s	975.4	 marketplaces and we do SAS. That's a huge part of the market. We're never going to suffer for,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=979.6s	979.6	 for deal flow focusing on those things. But look, well, I do chips. No. Will I do pharma? No. Cause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=985.0s	985.0	 I don't know anything about those things or quantum computing or something like that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=989.3s	989.3	 You know, these more esoteric hard tech subjects that I kind of make fun of Freeberg for,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=995.0s	995.0	 or at least, you know, when he starts giving his qubit lecture. Yeah. Well, actually,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1000.4s	1000.4	 no one's a big one. I actually think we need to really rethink our investment strategy here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1005.6s	1005.6	 I forgot to tell you guys. I'm going to start investing in laundromats.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1008.7s	1008.7	 I want to, I want to, yeah, it's not a bad idea. I mean, our, one of our mutual friends,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1013.3s	1013.3	 one of our besties who's, who's a stealth bestie was really into the Domino's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1019.3s	1019.3	 chains. And boy, was he right about that. That stock went crazy. I want to get into this. Is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1023.6s	1023.6	 Archie goes, Archie goes, goes, my Chego cheese. I want to get this Archie goes thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1032.5s	1032.5	 But I also want to point out two things from just housekeeping. Number one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1038.4s	1038.4	 I redirected wet your beak to a type form for people to pitch the besties. Guess how many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1046.2s	1046.2	 pitches came in, in the first week? How many? Over 1000. I now have three researchers going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1054.6s	1054.6	 through it and categorizing it. They're going to share a Google sheet back with y'all of by stage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1059.7s	1059.7	 where they are to start going through them. Um, but it's pretty amazing. I think there's some,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1065.9s	1065.9	 I think there's some magic that's going to happen here where we're going to find a deal where all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1069.5s	1069.5	 four besties can be in deal. Cause we've got two besties in pipe. We're both in Cabana,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1073.9s	1073.9	 Sax and I, and a couple of other companies, but we got to get a four. We need to get four of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1077.7s	1077.7	 kind. We've never had four of a kind. We've had, we've hit sets. We've hit a pair, but we've never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1083.0s	1083.0	 hit that. Go ahead, Sax. What do you want to do? You want to talk about me stealing your deal flow?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1086.7s	1086.7	 Yeah, exactly. I just want you to put out a, uh, I need to put out a little PSA.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1091.4s	1091.4	 So if you're a founder out there listening and you have a SAS deal that's post revenue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1095.3s	1095.3	 send it to me at craft ventures. And if it's everything else, you can send it to Jason on his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1100.2s	1100.2	 little, his, uh, there were a lot of SAS companies actually. Um, and so what we should do is I can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1107.8s	1107.8	 set the type form up if you want, if you give me an email address, anybody who picks SAS,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1113.0s	1113.0	 I could have an email you or, you know, Kevin or whoever on your team you want to, and I could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1117.8s	1117.8	 just redirect it in real time, but that could wind up being hundreds of emails, but I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1121.7s	1121.7	 that's what you want. All right. Well, no, no, actually, well, no, Jason, you should, you should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1125.8s	1125.8	 divvy up, Jason, you should divvy up all these pitches by subject matter and send it to the bestie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1131.4s	1131.4	 who it's most relevant for. All right. Sounds good. We'll do that. Sure. And then second on the, um,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1136.7s	1136.7	 housekeeping front, people were really interested in this longevity discussion. Oh, read the thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1143.0s	1143.0	 read the thing. I think I want to, cause I want to talk about it again. So Ben sent this into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1147.0s	1147.0	 all in, um, Twitter handle, which is, I think the all in pod. And it's got 70, you guys know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1152.1s	1152.1	 we have 70,000 followers on that Twitter handle. It's crazy. Hey, just wanted to reach out with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1156.6s	1156.6	 positive message after listening to the podcast from two Fridays ago. If you could pass the message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1161.4s	1161.4	 along to the besties, I think that's us after Tramot's recommendation regarding longevity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1165.8s	1165.8	 I suggested to my dad age 56 and perfect health. So he's 10 years younger than sacks looks to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1172.4s	1172.4	 get a calcium dye test. It turns out he scored well above any safe number and a critical heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1179.7s	1179.7	 failure was inevitable. Now he's taking proactive steps with a cardiologist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1184.4s	1184.4	 It's hard to even fathom what would have happened if Chamath had impassionately recommended this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1190.1s	1190.1	 action. Thank you guys so much for providing value. Week in, week out. I want to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1195.0s	1195.0	 Chamath saving lives. Saving lives and making billions. No, don't, don't joke around. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1201.4s	1201.4	 stupid on this topic. I really want to say this again, if anybody hasn't done it after the age of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1207.7s	1207.7	 40, you can get a CT angiogram. Most health services provide it. I would really ask your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1215.4s	1215.4	 primary care physician if they say no, tell them to go fuck themselves and find somebody who will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1220.7s	1220.7	 give it to you. But this is one of these things where if your calcium score is greater than zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1226.1s	1226.1	 it doubles every year. And there's a certain score right above several thousand where you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1230.4s	1230.4	 are guaranteed to have some meaningful cardiac issue. And so whether it's for you or your parents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1236.4s	1236.4	 just ask the question, have you had a contrast CT angio done? And if not, go and find a doctor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1241.8s	1241.8	 who will prescribe it to them and get it done. It's just a no brainer. I, I took it. It's a no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1246.4s	1246.4	 brainer. It's a no brainer. And I had my yearly physical and I got the heart flow. No, I just did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1254.5s	1254.5	 my physical, but I I'm going to do that. Full body scan you recommended pre pre nuvo pre nuvo. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1260.2s	1260.2	 doing and then I got on the nat plus booster, the true nigen that, um, I think that freeberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1267.0s	1267.0	 suggested and I'm taking it seriously. And I started with my personal trainer two Tuesdays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1270.7s	1270.7	 ago and I changed my entire diet and I'm just really taking it seriously now because I hit 50.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1277.3s	1277.3	 So let me, let me tell you about our Chegos. So here's a guy, this is incredible. So this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1283.0s	1283.0	 ran Asia pack for Julian Robertson. Julian Robertson is a legend of finance and capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1289.4s	1289.4	 markets and was the founder of tiger, tiger management. By the way, I heard this incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1293.8s	1293.8	 story. Um, why did Julian, uh, name it tiger management? Apparently he had an eight, he was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1300.7s	1300.7	 incredibly bad with names. And so he would just call everybody tiger, like, Hey tiger, how you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1305.6s	1305.6	 doing tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger. And so when he started this fun, I think his son apparently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1310.2s	1310.2	 told him, dad, you're not going to remember anybody's name. You're not even going to remember
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1312.8s	1312.8	 the name of the company. Just call it tiger management and you'll remember it. Anyways,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1316.7s	1316.7	 Julian is famous for having, um, attracted an incredible roster of people to work for him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1323.1s	1323.1	 It's what the PayPal mafia would look like if it were disguised as a hedge fund. All these amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1327.8s	1327.8	 people work for Julian, went off and did these other incredible things. And, um, one of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1334.1s	1334.1	 guys, one of these guys was this guy, Bill Huang, who ran Asia pack for tiger. He leaves, he starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1339.2s	1339.2	 his own fund and summer in 2011, he gets pinched, uh, by the feds for insider trading, some Chinese
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1345.8s	1345.8	 bank stocks. He pays a $60 million criminal and civil penalty, and he's forced to give back all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1351.0s	1351.0	 of his outside money. And so now he's a family office. Then he takes however much money he had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1356.2s	1356.2	 and he runs it up to somewhere between five and $10 billion. So this is a guy who managed to just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1361.3s	1361.3	 hit the ball out of the park. And then what he does is he goes to these banks and he says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1367.5s	1367.5	 you know what guys, I'm going to make a bunch of concentrated bets in a bunch of Chinese internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1372.8s	1372.8	 companies and media companies like via common discovery. So what he does is he does an equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1378.6s	1378.6	 swap and what an equity swap is to, to, to get through all the noise is just a very simple way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1385.3s	1385.3	 for you to bet on the appreciation of a stock relative to an index and hedge it against an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1390.2s	1390.2	 index. And what it's synthetically allows you to do is take big risk, own huge positions and not be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1397.1s	1397.1	 listed in disclosures. So you don't want buying the stock. Yeah. So if you don't want to know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1401.8s	1401.8	 so the word synthetic, just so I, cause I'm confused. Synthetic means you're not actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1405.8s	1405.8	 buying the stock. You're doing this in the ether. If you went and bought 4.9% of Viacom, nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1412.4s	1412.4	 would happen. The minute you got to 5%, you'd have a regulatory filing obligation that would say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1418.6s	1418.6	 Jason Calcanis owns 5% of Viacom. Then at 9.9% nothing else would happen. But then at 10%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1425.0s	1425.0	 there's another incremental thing. So this was a way of him accumulating up to 9.9 or 10% of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1431.4s	1431.4	 positions without having to disclose because he's not actually buying the stock. He's having Morgan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1437.1s	1437.1	 Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Nomura, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, buy the stock for him using these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1444.1s	1444.1	 over the counter derivatives. But they're not, in some cases didn't even buy the stock. It was like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1448.6s	1448.6	 a forward purchase agreement almost, right? Like these, these were, these were contracts for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1453.0s	1453.0	 difference. So they didn't even have to buy the stock in a lot of cases, right? Right. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1457.3s	1457.3	 I think it was hedged by the S&P, right? So they basically hedged it out with the S&P and it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1463.0s	1463.0	 like factor weighted. Anyways, long story short, what happens is that the guy starts to get stopped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1468.5s	1468.5	 out on a trade and then they have to close out all these positions. And so all of a sudden they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1474.2s	1474.2	 realize, oh my gosh, we actually, each of us gave this guy five or 10 times leverage. So instead of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1479.3s	1479.3	 a five or $10 billion hedge fund, it was $50 billion of notional exposure. And so in one day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1484.9s	1484.9	 you had Viacom go down 30%. Discovery went down 30 or 40%. And we were playing cards looking at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1491.3s	1491.3	 the market saying, what's going on? What's going on? Yeah. So weird. But another, another example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1497.0s	1497.0	 of like asymmetric information and a lack of transparency in financial. There were two drivers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1502.4s	1502.4	 of this. Number one is the guy traded via the swap, these, these over the counter transactions. So he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1507.8s	1507.8	 didn't actually have to go buy the stock on the market. And number two is they, the guy relied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1513.8s	1513.8	 on a number of exemptions as a family office, right? Chimatsu, he didn't have a lot of reporting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1517.4s	1517.4	 requirements that say, you know, a lot of other funds might, might, might have to disclose. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1523.6s	1523.6	 so there was a kind of opacity to the transactions that were going on. So ultimately when, when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1529.8s	1529.8	 everyone kind of looked under the hood, it was like, oh, this is a lot like that long-term capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1534.0s	1534.0	 management fiasco that happened in 1997. I think we talked about it on one of the shows, but they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1539.9s	1539.9	 had a book with like 60,000 derivative contracts with over a trillion dollars of notional exposure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1545.5s	1545.5	 on a $5 billion book of business. So if the, you know, if the overall portfolio that they held
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1551.7s	1551.7	 moved by whatever it is, you know, half a percent, the whole thing collapses. And that's effectively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1557.0s	1557.0	 what happened when stocks got volatile in 1997 during that currency crisis. And then all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1561.8s	1561.8	 banks looked under the hood and they're like, oh, wait, I need more collateral. There was no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1565.5s	1565.5	 collateral to post because everything was levered up. And then everyone's struggling to get a piece
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1569.0s	1569.0	 of the pie, you know, of the cash that's left. Everyone was fighting to get a piece of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1573.0s	1573.0	 Because if everyone had to sell off, the whole portfolio would collapse and everything starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1576.5s	1576.5	 to spiral out of control. And that's sort of what happened on Friday, right? Because as they started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1581.5s	1581.5	 to sell off these positions via big block trades, the stock went down and made it even harder. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1585.4s	1585.4	 then everyone piles on and start shorting the stock and it becomes this uncontrollable fiasco.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1589.8s	1589.8	 I have a really dumb question for the, why are people giving this amount of leverage and letting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1594.5s	1594.5	 people make these trades? Is it because they have no responsibility, the brokerage houses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1598.2s	1598.2	 whoever's clearing, they're going to lose money. I mean, I think JP Morgan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1601.5s	1601.5	 Nomura, these guys are all going to lose billions of dollars because there's not enough cash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1605.3s	1605.3	 in this guy's actual account to cover all the losses. Now, why would they let him do this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1610.3s	1610.3	 Is my really simple, stupid question. Somebody, because they make money. They make money. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1616.0s	1616.0	 if you're making five, I mean, think about it this way. It's sort of like an insurance deal, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1620.2s	1620.2	 Like if I can make five cents by taking a dollar of exposure with you, but that exposure only pays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1626.2s	1626.2	 out if something terrible happens. That's very unlikely in my assessment. I'll take that five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1630.7s	1630.7	 cents all day long. You know, I'm collecting nickels, but once in a while something really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1635.4s	1635.4	 bad happens and then they got to pay out a dollar. How many more Manchie goes are out there?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1642.2s	1642.2	 Well, I think, I think it depends on how you define the problem, but if you say that leverage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1647.8s	1647.8	 everybody's levered. I think the question is by how much, I think it's pretty rare at this point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1653.3s	1653.3	 that you're not levered. We don't run leverage, but it's tantalizing. I got to tell you because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1657.4s	1657.4	 like, you know, I could run, I don't know, a hundred, $150 billion of exposure. And then all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1662.5s	1662.5	 of a sudden, you know, you only have to return, you know, one or 2% to make a ton of money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1667.0s	1667.0	 Yeah, Chimaf, what would your margin interest rate be if you were to run your book levered?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1671.4s	1671.4	 I could run it 10 times and pay 1%, 2%. Right. That's crazy, right? So with 10 times leverage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1680.5s	1680.5	 on your money, you basically just have to beat one point or two point of return and you make money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1685.4s	1685.4	 That's why it's so attractive right now. That's why it's so attractive. And that's what a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1689.8s	1689.8	 of these other organizations do. The business model that they've perfected, which I think is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1694.0s	1694.0	 very reasonable, by the way, says again, back to sort of like, you know, managing year to date risk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1699.9s	1699.9	 right? They manage extremely small movements in stocks because instead of saying to, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1706.2s	1706.2	 if the four of us were running a hedge fund, hey, each of you do your best and we're going to run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1709.7s	1709.7	 one times notional. It's much better to say, I'm going to severely constrain the parameters in which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1716.2s	1716.2	 you guys can take risk. And on the back end, I'm going to lever the whole thing up 10 times.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1719.8s	1719.8	 My only goal is for you guys to make me 1% a year, right? Because if I lever it up 10 times,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1726.0s	1726.0	 now I've made 10%. And that 1% a year now all of a sudden divided by 12 months of the year means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1732.9s	1732.9	 you only have to do 80 basis. So all of a sudden the math starts to work in your favor where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1737.3s	1737.3	 everybody says, wow, let's raise as much money as possible. Let's make sure there's extremely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1742.2s	1742.2	 tight risk parameters. Let's just tell David Friedberg and Jason Calcanis and David Sachs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1747.2s	1747.2	 just give me 80 basis points. And on the back end, I lever up. That's the whole business bottle of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1752.3s	1752.3	 most hedge funds. And then, you know, you have some folks at the edges, as Friedberg says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1757.2s	1757.2	 you know, the insurance policy rarely pays out. But then every now and then you have this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1762.0s	1762.0	 cataclysmic set of events and the long tail hits and you're wiped out. And that's what happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1766.5s	1766.5	 And by the way, you know, there are stress tests against the banks to and where they basically look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1771.0s	1771.0	 at scenarios of you know, how bad can the overall portfolio get that the banks are exposed to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1776.1s	1776.1	 you know, all these clients that they have as counterparty risks, because remember, like when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1779.6s	1779.6	 they sign a contract with this hedge fund, they're not actually taking a position, what they're doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1784.2s	1784.2	 is they're taking, they're creating an obligation where this hedge fund has to pay them in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1788.4s	1788.4	 future. Now, if the hedge fund effectively goes bankrupt, then they're not going to get paid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1793.3s	1793.3	 On the back end, they're expecting to get paid $2 billion, or whatever the amount might be to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1798.1s	1798.1	 cover the, you know, the trade that they put in place with the guy. So this whole thing basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1802.8s	1802.8	 becomes a loss that they get exposed to. And so the stress tests are meant to kind of expose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1807.0s	1807.0	 how bad can the loss be to make sure that the bank doesn't ultimately go bankrupt if a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1811.5s	1811.5	 bad scenario were to take place. Now, there's a lot of debate about whether those stress test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1815.6s	1815.6	 methodologies actually work, and whether they adequately reflect the true risk in the markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1820.2s	1820.2	 and the true risk that these banks take on. And that has always been a debate. The problem is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1824.2s	1824.2	 if you make the stress tests too limiting, the cost of capital goes up and it's very hard to trade and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1829.0s	1829.0	 liquidity goes down in the market. That's the counter argument to why you wouldn't want to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1833.1s	1833.1	 kind of more regulatory on this front. And so it's an ongoing kind of fluid debate about what's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1837.9s	1837.9	 right way to stress test banks and make sure that they have adequate capital reserves while still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1841.8s	1841.8	 creating low cost capital and having liquidity in the markets. But you add the risk of ruin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1847.4s	1847.4	 So it's really hard to balance. You're playing with your entire net worth on the poker table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1852.2s	1852.2	 You're not just buying in with 1% of it or 10% of it. Well, whenever you read a story about some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1857.4s	1857.4	 rich person going broke, it's all there's always debt involved. Right? Because, like, let's say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1863.1s	1863.1	 let's say you got like, I don't know, like a big number, like $100 million. Right. And let's say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1868.4s	1868.4	 you're fully invested. The market goes down 50%. You still got 50 million bucks. You're still like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1873.0s	1873.0	 a very rich person. Yeah. But now let's say that you took that 100 million and you levered it up to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1879.8s	1879.8	 I don't know, whatever, a billion. And then the market goes down 50%. You're worth zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1885.8s	1885.8	 Yeah. Or in that case, the market could go down 10% sacks. And that's what happens here. Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1890.2s	1890.2	 Only 10%. Right. Exactly. The guy levered it up. And this is what always this is what happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1894.2s	1894.2	 with LTCM. In LTCM case, the trades they had the whole portfolio only moved like 5%. But it caused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1900.5s	1900.5	 a cataclysmic collapse of hundreds of billions of dollars of notional exposure. And that that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1905.7s	1905.7	 sort of like what happened with this guy. He was so levered up. So we're you know, I searched for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1910.6s	1910.6	 this guy on YouTube just to kind of figure out who he was on Saturday. Oh, the Christian YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1915.0s	1915.0	 thing you said, I sent it to the group. But there's like all these videos of him talking about Jesus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1920.6s	1920.6	 It was just a I'm fine with him being deep into Jesus, especially, you know, on the way to Easter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1926.6s	1926.6	 God bless you. Praise Jesus. But it was very weird that this person has a very unique philosophy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1932.4s	1932.4	 clearly. And no, no more. The prime broker on Monday warned of significant launches losses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1939.9s	1939.9	 estimated at 2 billion from the unwinding of these trades.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1945.6s	1945.6	 Let me ask a question to you guys. If we all agree, it's a really bad idea for individuals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1951.4s	1951.4	 to get over levered like this. How bad an idea is it that the US government is getting so over levered?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1958.0s	1958.0	 We now have 130% of our GDP we are now in debt. It's the first I mean, we're I think it only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1965.8s	1965.8	 recently crossed 100%. So we have now borrowed as a country more than our entire GDP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1973.4s	1973.4	 And I mean, if you look at that by country, there are other countries that are way over that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1979.3s	1979.3	 Like Japan, just about there aren't that many there aren't that many and Japan's had a horrible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1983.2s	1983.2	 decade partly because of all that debt. Italy, Portugal, Greece and Japan. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1987.8s	1987.8	 yeah, not you want to be part of not a lot of part of high I think that I'm more sympathetic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1993.9s	1993.9	 to governments being over levered because I think because governments effectively are at this point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=1999.8s	1999.8	 still that may not be the case in the future. The the only form of too big to fail that I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2005.2s	2005.2	 we can tolerate I have a much bigger issue with private market participants being over levered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2010.4s	2010.4	 because I think that is a level of greed and risk that shouldn't exist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2016.4s	2016.4	 Unnecessary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2016.9s	2016.9	 Simplest in large part because the governments themselves are so levered on the way in so maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2022.1s	2022.1	 that's the way to think about it, which is if we have to isolate risk, and we know we can't tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2025.9s	2025.9	 governments to stop spending, then I think we should probably make sure that risk is better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2030.2s	2030.2	 managed at the individual level, you know, people and companies. Why can't we why can't we tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2035.3s	2035.3	 governments about to say, we can't tell them that because we vote them in. But I mean, this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2041.5s	2041.5	 I want to open up people like people vote in spenders, people don't vote in. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2044.6s	2044.6	 this is the thing, you know, the republicans were supposed to be the spendthrifts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2047.9s	2047.9	 Yeah, no one ever gets elected saying I'm not going to do anything. Right. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2051.3s	2051.3	 Donald Trump may be the first president to have ever actually said that and, you know, actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2054.9s	2054.9	 do something in that vein, when he put a bunch of guys in charge of like the CDC and the Department
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2060.3s	2060.3	 of Energy and they just cut heads. But, you know, you always go in and you say, I'm going to do x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2065.0s	2065.0	 that isn't being done today. And as a result, over generations, it adds up. And all of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2070.9s	2070.9	 you wake up and the United States is 250 years old, and we have debt equal to 130% of our GDP,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2075.7s	2075.7	 and we're struggling to maintain the growth rates needed to fund that debt. And you're like, Oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2080.7s	2080.7	 that's the biggest challenge with democracy and keeping it alive is the fact that ultimately,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2086.8s	2086.8	 everyone wants more. And so over time, you vote for more. And over time, it gets more expensive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2092.1s	2092.1	 And over time, it becomes really difficult to maintain. Can I just count up the bill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2097.0s	2097.0	 for just this year? So as we know, it already passed. Well, yeah. So the bill so far for this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2103.0s	2103.0	 year, first of all, the government is running like a four and a half trillion dollar deficit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2107.2s	2107.2	 A lot of that is, you know, COVID related. But in any event, Biden's already passed a 1.9 trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2113.7s	2113.7	 dollar COVID bill. They're now about to pass a at least three trillion dollar infrastructure bill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2121.0s	2121.0	 Two, two, two. The proposal came out. It's two, no?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2124.6s	2124.6	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2125.2s	2125.2	 Well, okay, sorry. It's two for the infrastructure plan. But then there's another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2129.7s	2129.7	 one to two billion that they're talking about doing, sorry, trillion, that they're planning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2135.2s	2135.2	 as a second package called the American Families Plan that they're calling infrastructure, but it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2140.6s	2140.6	 not. It's more like social programs. They're kind of relabeling that as social infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2146.1s	2146.1	 or human infrastructure. And they're trying to figure out whether they can do them as two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2150.4s	2150.4	 separate bills. This is an issue with reconciliation and they need a ruling from the Senate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2155.8s	2155.8	 parliamentarian on whether they can do the second bill through reconciliation. If they can't, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2161.4s	2161.4	 may have to combine it into one bill. Otherwise, they'll do just two separate bills. But you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2165.8s	2165.8	 looking at total, like four, about four trillion across those two bills, you know, in addition to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2173.4s	2173.4	 the 1.9 we've already passed. So we're looking at like six trillion of spending this year. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2178.2s	2178.2	 we had about six trillion of COVID emergency spending last year. And so the numbers are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2184.6s	2184.6	 getting really big, really fast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2185.8s	2185.8	 This reminds me of our last trip. This reminds me of our Las Vegas trip with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2188.8s	2188.8	 Cipriani and then your markers. We may need to have some austerity measures. We might need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2197.0s	2197.0	 go to Olive Garden instead of Cipriani.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2199.8s	2199.8	 Part of the issue, Sachs, is, you know, I think if you guys will remember on election night,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2203.8s	2203.8	 I told you the thing I was most concerned about was this Georgia runoff. And if the Senate takes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2208.7s	2208.7	 if the Democrats take the Senate, you have no balance of negotiation in this process of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2215.6s	2215.6	 passing these bills and finding a point of fiscal responsibility versus social necessity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2220.4s	2220.4	 or what might be deemed a necessity by some, but, you know, exuberance by others.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2226.5s	2226.5	 And it's frightening because, you know, with a single party system, right, a single party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2233.3s	2233.3	 legislative branch right now, we have a real issue with the fact that any bill can kind of be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2240.4s	2240.4	 come up, can kind of be defined by one party, by a small group of people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2244.3s	2244.3	 They can get it passed, they can get it signed. And, you know, it's going to be a challenge for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2249.2s	2249.2	 us to all kind of support this level of debt for generations to come.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2253.9s	2253.9	 And it's not going to stop anytime soon. I mean, you know, before the midterms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2257.6s	2257.6	 we've got another year and a half of this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2259.0s	2259.0	 100%, and that's why I was rooting in the last election for gridlock as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2265.0s	2265.0	 And we almost had it. I mean, it was supposed to be a divided Senate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2268.6s	2268.6	 Purdue won that Senate seat and then he lost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2271.4s	2271.4	 And Trump just decided to burn the entire Republican party on the way out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2277.8s	2277.8	 Congratulations, David. You destroyed the Republican party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2281.8s	2281.8	 Look, J. Cal, you have a little bit of a point there because the reality is, as of election
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2286.3s	2286.3	 night, this was supposed to be a divided Senate. And then what happened in the two months that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2290.4s	2290.4	 followed turned voters against those Senate candidates. So, you have it, you definitely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2295.5s	2295.5	 have a point there. But the price tag for that one Senate seat is going to be about $6 trillion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2301.7s	2301.7	 It's pretty disturbing that our debt to GDP ratio is now worse than Spain and Portugal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2308.3s	2308.3	 I mean, we're catching up to Italy and Greece.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2312.9s	2312.9	 I think it's worth just explaining to people why that matters, right, Sacks? I mean, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2316.2s	2316.2	 when you issue debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2318.0s	2318.0	 You have to pay the bid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2319.5s	2319.5	 Well, here's the thing. Everyone's been lulled into a false sense of security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2325.1s	2325.1	 because interest rates are so low. So, the debt service has actually been relatively small.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2329.8s	2329.8	 But if interest rates ever go back up, say, because of inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2333.4s	2333.4	 like the debt service will be one of the biggest chunks of federal spending. We won't have money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2339.1s	2339.1	 left for all the programs that we need, including entitlements, including defense, including
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2344.8s	2344.8	 everything else that the country wants to do. And so, it's very dangerous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2349.6s	2349.6	 And the real problem I have with it right now is everybody can see the economy is getting better,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2356.6s	2356.6	 right? It looks like we're about to have the roaring 20s. The economy looks like it's rebounding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2360.6s	2360.6	 It's about to boom. Goldman Sachs says we're going to be down to like 3% unemployment by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2364.9s	2364.9	 end of the year. It's coming back really fast. COVID is going to be over in May. I mean, everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2370.6s	2370.6	 is trending the right way. And we're acting like there's an emergency happening still. I mean, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2377.0s	2377.0	 understand the $6 trillion last year during the middle of COVID to prevent a depression.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2382.6s	2382.6	 But what is the rationale today when the economy is already coming back for this level?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2386.5s	2386.5	 Re-election, David, re-election to consolidate democratic power and to get re-elected.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2391.2s	2391.2	 Right. Prime the pump. But we're breaking the glass in case of emergency when there is no emergency.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2397.3s	2397.3	 And what happens if there is another emergency?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2399.4s	2399.4	 We'll go to 150%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2400.6s	2400.6	 Look, I don't think it's as intentional as getting re-elected. I do think that the politicians and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2406.0s	2406.0	 the people involved in the legislative process have very good intentions and think they're doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2410.5s	2410.5	 the right thing. And they got elected and they spent their whole lives and their whole careers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2414.3s	2414.3	 dreaming of a day when they could create these programs using government money, dreaming of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2418.3s	2418.3	 day when they could make these opportunities real. And here's a moment in time where they can and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2424.3s	2424.3	 where these visions for what they believe to be a better society and a better government and a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2428.3s	2428.3	 better country for all its citizens, they have this moment now. And they are... And so I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2434.0s	2434.0	 criticizing anyone. I think it's just... I think it's... Look, you can totally disagree with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2439.1s	2439.1	 point. And I think in many cases, I agree with you. But I do think that there isn't this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2445.6s	2445.6	 evil incentive or this evil reason for folks doing it. I think a lot of people that work in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2449.5s	2449.5	 government or politicians, they spend a lot of time thinking about doing what's best for their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2455.4s	2455.4	 people that they represent. And here's this moment where I can create all these programs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2460.1s	2460.1	 and create all these jobs and spend all this government money to give my people locally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2464.2s	2464.2	 all the support that I always thought that I... I always told them I would give them one day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2468.0s	2468.0	 And it's a moment where everyone's rushing. And because there's a single party system right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2473.0s	2473.0	 everything's getting done and it's all getting piled on top of pile. It's like eating cupcakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2477.0s	2477.0	 and then cake and then pancakes and then ice cream and then having a milkshake. It's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2482.2s	2482.2	 have a really nasty stomach ache at the end. Yeah, I agree. We may have a sugar rush over the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2488.1s	2488.1	 year or two. Maybe Biden gets reelected based on this, but eventually I like your term stomach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2495.0s	2495.0	 ache. Biden seems to me a little bit miscast. It's like he's cast from a different era.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2501.1s	2501.1	 And this is not 1933. We don't need this massive amount of pump priming by the federal government.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2506.7s	2506.7	 We're not in a depression. We're not even in a recession right now. We're coming back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2510.6s	2510.6	 really strongly. And so it just feels like we're passing all this anachronistic pork barrel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2517.0s	2517.0	 spending for why? It's almost like it's just habitual as opposed to having a real need.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2523.0s	2523.0	 I think that's a more nuanced take, which I agree with, which is if you actually see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2527.7s	2527.7	 what that $2 trillion infrastructure bill looked like, there was a lot of stuff which did feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2533.2s	2533.2	 incredibly anachronistic where I was like, I mean, paving a road. We had China trolling us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2540.4s	2540.4	 because the contents of it was just so stupid. I mean, it's like paving a road is this one time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2546.3s	2546.3	 event that does nothing. And we're much better off building ongoing capability of things we need.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2553.0s	2553.0	 So if we're going to green the economy and we're going to go through an energy transition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2558.7s	2558.7	 there's all kinds of ways to spend the money. And so then you think, who's advising these people?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2565.0s	2565.0	 And then I think it comes back to lobbyists. Lobbyists and donors. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2569.0s	2569.0	 Let's go through this list. So of the $2 trillion, it looks like about $620 billion is going into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2574.6s	2574.6	 transportation infrastructure, like Chamov said, bridges, roads, public transit, etc. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2579.6s	2579.6	 if you think about the benefit to society, there's the benefit of having better roads,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2583.0s	2583.0	 which we can debate. Do all of these need this care? The $620 billion worth of care?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2588.6s	2588.6	 I think some people would say yes, some people would say no. But the question of where those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2592.4s	2592.4	 dollars actually go ultimately, if you kind of look at how government contract work is done,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2597.4s	2597.4	 there will be a few people that own the majority of these contract service providers that will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2601.0s	2601.0	 benefit heavily from this capital coming out of the government's coffers and will go into their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2605.4s	2605.4	 bank accounts. And yes, there will be some jobs, but they will be temporary jobs. And there will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2609.4s	2609.4	 be temporary salary and wage support through this. A lot of that capital will go to the people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2613.8s	2613.8	 own the businesses that are doing all of the construction work and supporting this industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2618.2s	2618.2	 development. So it's concerning when you look at how much money is going to get funneled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2623.0s	2623.0	 into effectively corporate contracting. I don't care what side of the aisle you're on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2628.2s	2628.2	 but if you see $620 billion of spending that's going to happen in the next few years for anything,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2635.3s	2635.3	 if you're thinking anything other than this will be wasted and inefficient,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2639.5s	2639.5	 you're being really naive. So a good microcosm example of this is the one that you use,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2645.4s	2645.4	 Friedberg, which is how much money did California give to Anderson Consulting or to build that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2652.0s	2652.0	 COVID website? Yeah, it was like 100 million bucks, like all in with the service costs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2656.5s	2656.5	 the customer support and all the stuff that was attached to it. And realistically, you could have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2660.7s	2660.7	 built it for 90 bucks using Wix. Use the promo code twist, come on. So my thought is that exactly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2669.9s	2669.9	 like people should look at this irrespective of whether you're on the left or right think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2672.9s	2672.9	 well, of that $620, how much will actually get into the hands of people in a thoughtful way?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2679.3s	2679.3	 Probably like 300. How much of it will go into like lining the pockets of shareholders and folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2685.0s	2685.0	 in very specific companies who just print an enormous amount of profit over the next few years?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2690.0s	2690.0	 Probably another 150 or 200 billion. Wait a second. Did you send my red pills to Chammat's house?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2697.7s	2697.7	 What's going on here? But let's have the counter argument, right? The counter argument is for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2704.2s	2704.2	 decades and I'll make it right. So for decades, roads have been crumbling, infrastructure in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2708.5s	2708.5	 country has been falling apart. We haven't taken care of federal highways. There's all this work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2712.6s	2712.6	 that needs to be done to make sure that airports address rural communities and ports can take ships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2717.7s	2717.7	 into the economy can grow. And someone's got to build all that stuff at some point. So, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2722.6s	2722.6	 rather than deal with this down the road, let's take advantage of the single party, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2726.7s	2726.7	 governing system we have right now and pass this bill and get it all done and get America ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2731.6s	2731.6	 for the future. That would be the argument, right? I'll give you the most cynical argument. The most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2735.3s	2735.3	 cynical argument is let's ratchet up spending, make everybody concerned about the debt so that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2741.4s	2741.4	 the solution is raise taxes and let's create a wealth tax and let's create this tax and that tax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2746.1s	2746.1	 Well, Biden is raising taxes. He's raising the corporate tax rate to 28%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2749.3s	2749.3	 But that was brilliant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2750.2s	2750.2	 And individual.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2751.3s	2751.3	 And individual, yeah. Like I think raising the corporate tax is a no-brainer. We should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2754.5s	2754.5	 absolutely have done that. But David, I mean, Friedberg, back to what you said before,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2757.8s	2757.8	 what I would have said is like, look, the counter argument would have been,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2762.1s	2762.1	 let's take the $620 billion and plan the future. So the plan, the future would be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2768.4s	2768.4	 you know, why is it that like Elon can bore a traffic-bearing tunnel at a million dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2778.6s	2778.6	 a mile and the next best equivalent is 20 million a mile? Okay, maybe we should give these guys a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2783.0s	2783.0	 bunch of contracts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2783.6s	2783.6	 Capitalism, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2785.0s	2785.0	 Well, just and technology, I would say, and less graft and less waste. So let these guys build a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2791.2s	2791.2	 bunch of tunnels and maybe they can figure out a way to build bridges too. Or, you know, if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2795.7s	2795.7	 really want to care about like future jobs and the national security of America, let's secure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2800.5s	2800.5	 our own precious metals and minerals and let's have an entire supply chain that's, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2804.9s	2804.9	 independent of China. Well, you could spend a couple hundred billion dollars on that easily.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2809.1s	2809.1	 So there's all kinds of ways to spend it. We could build high-speed rail, you know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2814.0s	2814.0	 They do have 580 billion. So almost a quarter, a little over a quarter of this bill going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2818.7s	2818.7	 American manufacturing, R&D and job training, right? So creating the next generation of jobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2823.3s	2823.3	 for Americans and, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2825.4s	2825.4	 re-domesticating industry here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2828.0s	2828.0	 I mean, honestly, those words sound nice. What are the details?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2830.5s	2830.5	 Exactly. You like the words. You like the words. You really think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2833.8s	2833.8	 I love the words. I mean, I like, I mean, one that I think nobody can argue with is universal pre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2839.5s	2839.5	 kindergarten. That's easy. And I think community college tuition being free is a great one as well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2844.4s	2844.4	 if people have a certain score to get in there. So it's a little bit of merit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2847.7s	2847.7	 Jason, what are these things even doing in an infrastructure bill?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2852.0s	2852.0	 I feel like, I think Freeberg has a point that like infrastructure is like one of the last things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2856.5s	2856.5	 that people believe that the government should be spending money on. So now they're just branding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2860.6s	2860.6	 anything that they want to do as infrastructure. You know, it's human infrastructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2864.4s	2864.4	 Infrastructure is supposed to be bridges and roads.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2867.5s	2867.5	 Not, let's say, education and childcare and college. That's education should be a different bill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2872.2s	2872.2	 But didn't, I mean, Obama tried to get infrastructure passed. He couldn't. Trump tried.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2876.6s	2876.6	 No, no, he did. No, no, no, no, no. Obama passed close to a trillion. I think it was like a 920
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2880.8s	2880.8	 billion dollar bill. Remember the shovel ready projects? It was supposed to be a trillion dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2885.1s	2885.1	 of shovel ready projects. They did it. Where'd that money go?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2892.3s	2892.3	 Well, speaking about money, speaking about money disappearing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2896.6s	2896.6	 can you make a little shrug emoji con like the, I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2903.0s	2903.0	 Here's the brown version. And I,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2905.6s	2905.6	 here's the white, here's the pale white version. And then the brown version,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2908.9s	2908.9	 here's the brown version. And it looks like you're the tan version free birds. You got a little sun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2914.1s	2914.1	 A trillion dollars? Me no, no. I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2917.0s	2917.0	 Well, we can all go to Vegas and we can lose money and just come up to our wives and go like this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2923.4s	2923.4	 I just think like the government's so bad at like properly dispensing all this money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2928.2s	2928.2	 Like that's the problem that, you know, and then that would look, I think if you're ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2932.3s	2932.3	 going to do infrastructure, the time to do it was in 2009 when Obama did it. Like the economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2937.0s	2937.0	 was in absolute like a great recession that made, that made sense. But now when the economy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2944.6s	2944.6	 doing is rebounding so strongly, do you really believe that these, you know, a hundred billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2949.3s	2949.3	 dollar line items are going to be wisely spent, you know, and, and most of it's borrowed money. So.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2955.2s	2955.2	 No. And the problem is like, by the time it gets into the details well beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2959.8s	2959.8	 what Biden is capable or has the time to learn about, it will be just completely misallocated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2964.6s	2964.6	 And, you know, some lobbyists will insert something that gets something that's important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2969.4s	2969.4	 to some politician, the money and that, and that, and that's the, that's the sad truth of it all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2974.6s	2974.6	 We just have to hope that there's enough good that comes out of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2977.7s	2977.7	 And now taxes are coming for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2980.2s	2980.2	 Well, I mean, that's, that's the next thing is the wealth tax is where that conversation is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2985.5s	2985.5	 What happened in that? What happened in the bill?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2987.1s	2987.1	 Well, ACA.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2988.2s	2988.2	 I saw, I saw the corporate tax went up from 21 to 28, but what else happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2992.2s	2992.2	 Well, there's a wealth tax in California being discussed again. Who knows?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2995.6s	2995.6	 Okay. But at the federal level, was there anything in the bill?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2997.7s	2997.7	 No, I didn't hear anything about wealth tax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=2999.7s	2999.7	 I mean, I don't know if that's possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3001.0s	3001.0	 The first, the first bill is going to be funded by, like you said, an increase in the corporate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3004.6s	3004.6	 tax from 21 to 28%. The second bill, the families act is going to be funded in part by personal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3011.7s	3011.7	 income tax increases, which I think will be more controversial. They're going to bump up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3017.1s	3017.1	 uh, well, the campaign statement that Biden made was individuals, no one making under 400,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3025.2s	3025.2	 would see a tax increase. So the plan was 400,000 going up to 39.6%. But here's, here's where I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3031.9s	3031.9	 think it could get very controversial is that the White House is already making noises that it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3036.1s	3036.1	 wasn't 400,000 per individual. It was $400,000 per family, which would mean $200,000 per individual,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3043.1s	3043.1	 which would be pretty much a camp, a broken campaign promise. So if that's where it ends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3048.5s	3048.5	 up being, I think Biden could take a lot of heat for that. Um, and, but, but the problem is if he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3053.5s	3053.5	 sticks to 400,000 per individual, I'm not sure that it will raise enough. The tax increase will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3058.8s	3058.8	 raise enough money to pay for everything he wants to pay for. So it'll be interesting to see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3063.8s	3063.8	 I would be totally okay with this when I was 30 years old. I'm just putting that on the record.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3069.6s	3069.6	 I'm not okay with it right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3070.9s	3070.9	 This may sound dumb, but what is the federal tax rate? Like what, what is it going from?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3075.1s	3075.1	 The top rate is like 37 and a half. So it's a 2%. It's not a big,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3079.4s	3079.4	 it's not a gigantic increase at all. It's a big nothing burger. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3083.0s	3083.0	 Yeah. And this is income tax again, not capital gains.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3086.0s	3086.0	 It'll be, yeah. And then there's a bunch of questions about whether like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3089.6s	3089.6	 so capital gains is still a big question mark and capital gains will all go to income.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3094.7s	3094.7	 Yeah. There's a big push. Yeah. No way. I don't think there's a big push,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3098.5s	3098.5	 but they haven't said yet. So this is going to be part of the second bill,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3101.1s	3101.1	 which they're talking about doing, I think in October. So, yeah, watch out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3105.4s	3105.4	 Okay. Wait a second. If they go, if they, if the capital gains happens, then the whole idea of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3109.9s	3109.9	 being a capital allocator, it's going to change everything. Wouldn't it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3114.1s	3114.1	 I think it's a bigger issue than that. It has less to do with that, but you have $30 trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3118.2s	3118.2	 sitting in 401ks and IRAs. And the idea that you'll tax all of those gains in a differentiated way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3124.7s	3124.7	 I think is going to be a very complicated proposition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3127.1s	3127.1	 Well, those aren't taxed. Well, they're taxed on the way out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3130.0s	3130.0	 right? You still pay something. Not if you hold them until you're 55.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3133.1s	3133.1	 But I mean, whatever you're going to live to 110. So, so yeah, actually,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3136.7s	3136.7	 I was actually had a story just today that the infrastructure bill like does not include capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3142.2s	3142.2	 gains taxes, but the big question is what they'll do in the next bill. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3146.8s	3146.8	 and that's, and then, so you combine that, let's just say the federal government decides capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3151.3s	3151.3	 gains. We don't want to invest in companies anymore. We don't want to treat stock gains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3155.4s	3155.4	 the same because we want to have more equity, equality, whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3160.0s	3160.0	 Then you combine that with this wealth tax proposal in California ACA is a resolution to propose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3165.0s	3165.0	 an amendment to the Constitution state co authors have proposed a wealth tax described as a 1%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3170.0s	3170.0	 surcharge for amounts over 50 million and 1.5% for amounts over 1 billion. So if you're a billionaire,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3177.3s	3177.3	 just you're gonna have to pay, you know, 50. Can I make a case to you guys? I've kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3181.4s	3181.4	 been thinking about this, but I'd love your your feedback on it. So I feel like there's a trade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3186.6s	3186.6	 off between freedom and equality. And what I mean by that is, if you if you give a market freedom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3195.5s	3195.5	 a market of people doing things freedom, you maximize progress that that society achieves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3201.8s	3201.8	 And the United States is the best case study of this in history. In 250 years, we went from a bunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3207.0s	3207.0	 of people living on plantations or living on small farms to a, you know, the largest economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3212.7s	3212.7	 in the world. And so the more freedom you provide, the more innovation there is, the more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3218.6s	3218.6	 entrepreneurship there is, the more of inventing new stuff there is the problem with progress,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3225.9s	3225.9	 progress takes everyone forward. But progress is always asymmetric, meaning some people end up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3232.3s	3232.3	 in a greater point further ahead than everyone than a lot of other people do. Whereas like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3237.4s	3237.4	 socialist state with less freedom, incentives, you take everyone forward together, but you don't make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3244.9s	3244.9	 as much progress. And so if you want to have freedom, you have the most amount of progress,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3250.2s	3250.2	 but you have the least amount of equality over time. Even though everyone is further ahead than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3255.4s	3255.4	 where they started 200 years ago, or 100 years ago, or even 10 years ago, everyone's in a better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3259.6s	3259.6	 position than say they were some period of time ago, because we've all got better social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3263.7s	3263.7	 security programs and whatnot. There are some people that get so much farther ahead,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3267.9s	3267.9	 like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos, and these people that you can now look to and say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3271.8s	3271.8	 this is unfair, this person's taken so much capital, and I've only made, you know, a 10%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3277.2s	3277.2	 increase in the last 10 years. And so as a result, they're in a democracy, there's always this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3282.1s	3282.1	 tension between freedom and equality. And those are the two things that cycle in terms of what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3287.1s	3287.1	 voters vote for. We're coming into a cycle now, where we're going to start to vote down freedom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3292.2s	3292.2	 and vote up equality. And this is sort of what the wealth tax in my mind represents is this kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3297.9s	3297.9	 redistribution or this returning to a kind of the mean or reversion to the mean in terms of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3302.4s	3302.4	 get everyone back on the same page. But as a result, we're going to see much less progress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3306.6s	3306.6	 economically, we're going to see much less progress in terms of innovation, and other places that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3311.0s	3311.0	 more freedom, and enable more innovation and infrastructure and entrepreneurship are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3316.3s	3316.3	 be able to kind of leap ahead and have greater progress than us. That's my kind of rant and thesis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3321.0s	3321.0	 but I'd love you guys's. I would amend your thesis slightly to say that freedom produces prosperity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3327.8s	3327.8	 Right. And prosperity does produce some inequality because there are always people like Elon or Jeff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3333.8s	3333.8	 Bezos or whatever who are just going to be like super producers, especially in the era of technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3339.5s	3339.5	 where you can create a machine to produce goods and services. And that machine can be thousands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3345.7s	3345.7	 or millions of times as productive as the ordinary person. So they're going to build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3349.3s	3349.3	 extraordinary wealth. But look, the basic idea of liberal society is you have a free enterprise system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3358.9s	3358.9	 where people are generally free to create their companies and their businesses. And then you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3363.0s	3363.0	 a social safety net that's paid for by the largesse of that system. And the thing about socialism is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3369.3s	3369.3	 it can only make it, we talked about this last time, it can only make everyone equally poor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3372.7s	3372.7	 It never makes everyone equally rich. You end up killing the golden goose for everybody. And you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3379.0s	3379.0	 also end up with a lot less freedom because you end up with a gigantic state that exists to level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3384.0s	3384.0	 everything and they accrue all this power for themselves. But is that actually true? Like if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3388.8s	3388.8	 you look at China, is that really what's happened in China? China's kicking everybody's ass and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3392.6s	3392.6	 they're basically a socialist. Yeah, they're authoritarian. Exactly. They're sort of politically-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3401.2s	3401.2	 Using Friedberg's language, they don't have as much freedom or that freedom is granted by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3406.7s	3406.7	 authority, a central authority. Yeah, a central authority. Which makes them authoritarian by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3410.6s	3410.6	 definition, which means somebody like Jack Ma can do amazing until he can't. But that's a perfect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3417.0s	3417.0	 example. He's still doing fine. He's got 50 billion. Maybe he doesn't have 70. But imagine what he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3420.7s	3420.7	 could do if he could keep going. And this is a point I wanted to make, which is what if you got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3424.9s	3424.9	 Elizabeth Warren or Bernie Sanders proposals enacted and Bernie Sanders has gone on TV many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3429.3s	3429.3	 times and said there should be no billionaires. If Jeff Bezos stopped building Amazon when he made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3434.3s	3434.3	 a billion dollars because he was forced to by the government, at that point, all the future benefit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3439.0s	3439.0	 of Amazon would have been lost. It's not like someone else would have been able to step in on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3442.2s	3442.2	 top of that platform and build more. And then the next guy steps in and makes the next billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3445.8s	3445.8	 And I just want to remind everyone the benefits of Amazon are extraordinary. I mean, imagine going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3452.4s	3452.4	 back 20 years and being, or being a kid and I can go on my freaking phone and I can say I want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3458.0s	3458.0	 something and it shows up at my door the next day for the same little for same day for very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3462.6s	3462.6	 little money. I mean, it is fucking mind blowing what Amazon has built for us, for society. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3468.2s	3468.2	 an incredible business at the same time. And we are all willing to give that business money because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3472.7s	3472.7	 the benefit of what they do for us is so extraordinary. And if you had capped Jeff Bezos's wealth or capped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3479.0s	3479.0	 his ability to kind of keep elongating what that business could do at some point, it would have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3483.4s	3483.4	 an absolute travesty. And I would argue that even though Jack Ma is doing fine, there are people in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3488.2s	3488.2	 China who are limited in terms of what they can do because of the way that that government limits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3492.6s	3492.6	 freedom and limits flexibility. And so to me, I'm observing this tension between freedom and equality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3498.6s	3498.6	 where equality is becoming such a sticking point for people now that it is far more important than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3502.8s	3502.8	 freedom. And as a result, we are going to start to see these little things creeping in like a wealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3507.4s	3507.4	 tax or a limit on billionaires or all this sort of stuff that ultimately limits the ability for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3511.6s	3511.6	 people to kind of push their businesses and elongate progress. And if you looked at the great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3516.5s	3516.5	 scientific and technical discoveries of the last 30 years, so many of them came from the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3521.1s	3521.1	 States because of this freedom, not from China. And China has certainly done fine. But they're a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3526.6s	3526.6	 photocopy machine and they're great at saying, hey, here's some slave labor. The innovation has been here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3531.2s	3531.2	 The innovation has been in the United States. Yeah. China observed what was working in the US and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3536.5s	3536.5	 realized that they should adopt markets because markets create prosperity. They create goods,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3541.8s	3541.8	 they create services, they create wealth for their people. So they've embraced markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3546.6s	3546.6	 And then meanwhile, we're moving away from markets or we have such skepticism of markets. You've got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3551.6s	3551.6	 this sort of extreme socialist sort of Bernie wing of the party that is kind of moving away from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3559.0s	3559.0	 markets. It's bizarre. You know, it's just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3562.6s	3562.6	 look at the free market in the Amazon example. They demanded a $15 minimum wage, they got the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3568.6s	3568.6	 $15 minimum wage. And now they're still attacking Amazon and Jeff Bezos. So it's never going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3574.9s	3574.9	 enough for them. They want to see him get rid of all of his money. No, no, no, that's right. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3579.8s	3579.8	 I think that you're saying something else, Jason, which is really important. I think people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3584.6s	3584.6	 you have to think about the generation of kids that have been raised by boomers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3588.8s	3588.8	 And that'll explain the psychology of why they think that way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3593.0s	3593.0	 We had all kinds of failure modes growing up. We meaning, I'm in my mid 40s.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3599.5s	3599.5	 If you think of our generation and older, we all had failure modes. You wouldn't get into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3604.8s	3604.8	 schools you wanted. You basically had a lot more freedom where after school you were a latchkey kid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3613.0s	3613.0	 You would have just all kinds of very nominal ways of growing up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3617.4s	3617.4	 You didn't necessarily get to play on the school team if you didn't make it. And those boundary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3621.8s	3621.8	 conditions create these great stories like the Michael Jordans of the world. And then you fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3625.8s	3625.8	 forward to how boomers felt. And I think that boomers felt an enormous amount of guilt about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3630.6s	3630.6	 their stresses on the system. And what did they do to millennials in Gen Z? They got everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3634.6s	3634.6	 they wanted. It was kindergarten soccer. Everybody gets a gold star. And now you have an entire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3639.8s	3639.8	 generation of people that quite honestly are wondering, they actually have been raised in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3644.7s	3644.7	 quasi socialist setting. If you go to school, there is no free speech. If you do a project and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3654.0s	3654.0	 your grades aren't good, you can get a redo. Everything's a redo. Everything's a retrade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3658.5s	3658.5	 Everything's a we're going to manage to the middle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3660.2s	3660.2	 You can't lose.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3661.4s	3661.4	 And you can't lose. And in that not losing, I think people have forgot what it feels like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3666.3s	3666.3	 to actually win and that humans are actually in many ways like Darwin's perfect example of winning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3673.9s	3673.9	 Why us and not other strain of chimpanzee? Because we wanted to win more than anybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3680.4s	3680.4	 else as it turned out. And that's lost. We've lost that script. And so I think part of it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3685.4s	3685.4	 you have an entire generation of people who whatever you do, it's not enough. It's because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3690.2s	3690.2	 they were raised in a society where they never had to actually learn what functional winning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3695.8s	3695.8	 and losing felt like and or or it's been deeply minimized.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3699.7s	3699.7	 Said another way that we've gotten soft. And we're about to get our asses kicked by China if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3704.3s	3704.3	 don't start to realize that a vibrant competition of ideas and products and services is what wins.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3711.9s	3711.9	 I think we have a more dangerous thing than that, Jason. It's not that that's gone. I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3717.3s	3717.3	 actually more this selective idea. So for example, like, if you were a fashion designer, creating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3724.3s	3724.3	 clothes on Shopify or fashion Nova, you're allowed to compete and win. But if you build a technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3732.2s	3732.2	 that aggregates resources, and that has these crazy gross margins of profit margins, you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3736.8s	3736.8	 allowed to win. So we've actually gotten into this very contorted period where we want to choose how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3742.0s	3742.0	 to define what winning feels like to us. And I think that's where it's dangerous, because that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3747.7s	3747.7	 a very subjective thing. And it ebbs and flows. Can we go back to the wealth tax for a second,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3751.9s	3751.9	 because I think this is like, yeah, hold on, let me just finish the statistics on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3756.3s	3756.3	 They claim there are 169 billionaires in California. So this wouldn't impact a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3760.4s	3760.4	 of people. And they estimate the wealth tax would generate over 22 billion. We've already seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3765.3s	3765.3	 Elon and it won't. That's a static analysis. That's a stupid analysis, because it's completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3772.9s	3772.9	 Keith, left. You're all gonna leave. They're all gonna leave. Look, I've talked to a lot of people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3778.5s	3778.5	 I've talked to a lot of people about the wealth tax who would be subject to it. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3782.9s	3782.9	 Every single one tells me the same thing, which is if California passes this, this is a red line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3787.5s	3787.5	 for me. I'll leave the state every single one. So I've heard the exact same thing. Yes. You're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3793.0s	3793.0	 gonna raise 22 billion from this. You're gonna raise. It's actually gonna lead to a decrease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3796.8s	3796.8	 in tax revenue, because so many of these people are gonna leave the state and they're gonna take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3800.8s	3800.8	 investment with them, their businesses with them, their job creation with them. It's gonna actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3806.2s	3806.2	 more than half the tax revenue in the state of California from the top 1%. Is that the statistic?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3811.8s	3811.8	 It will kill the California economy. Now, here's the crazy thing about it. Probably the most crazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3815.8s	3815.8	 part of that whole wealth tax proposal. And by the way, even if you support a wealth tax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3820.0s	3820.0	 at the federal level, it's stupid for California to do it on its own, because it's very easy for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3825.3s	3825.3	 you to leave California. You just move some other part of the United States, much, much harder to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3828.6s	3828.6	 leave the United States. So the idea that California can just do this on its own is the height of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3834.4s	3834.4	 stupidity by these by these legislators. So the stupidest part of the whole bill is that there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3839.7s	3839.7	 a 10 year look forward, which basically says that if you spend any time in California, we're gonna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3845.3s	3845.3	 try and tax your wealth for the next 10 years. So that means that for all of us thinking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3850.2s	3850.2	 this concept, if we think this wealth tax might pass in the next 10 years, we might need to leave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3856.6s	3856.6	 the state. Now we might need to get ahead of the curve. And I'm hearing people now debating whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3861.1s	3861.1	 they should leave the state because they think it's inevitable that something like this passes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3865.8s	3865.8	 And the sooner they sever their nexus with California, the less likely they are to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3869.4s	3869.4	 roped into it. So just the mere fact they're proposing this bill, I don't think they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3873.6s	3873.6	 to get the votes in this legislator. There's six Democrats have already come out against it. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3879.7s	3879.7	 I don't think it's going to pass this year or next year. But the fact that they're even putting it on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3884.3s	3884.3	 the table is making a lot of people second guess whether California is the place they want to create
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3889.6s	3889.6	 their businesses. And what we really need is for the governor Gavin Newsom to come out right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3894.7s	3894.7	 and say, listen, like this is a bad idea, I will veto it, I will not support this, if I'm governor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3900.6s	3900.6	 for the next five, six years. And his mere failure to come out and say what he really thinks about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3907.6s	3907.6	 this is hurting the state. Because a lot of people are already contemplating, do I need to leave now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3914.0s	3914.0	 Sachs, let me ask a philosophical question. Do you think that this kind of speaks to a broad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3919.8s	3919.8	 challenge with democracy, as I kind of tried to point out earlier, which is, at some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3925.0s	3925.0	 the majority can take things away from the minority by just passing a law by voting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3929.6s	3929.6	 And when you make that vote, the majority of people aren't affected. Therefore, they'll say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3933.5s	3933.5	 sure, let me I mean, I know that, you know, you you have more background in this than the rest of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3937.3s	3937.3	 us. But like, what is the political science principle here on how democracy kind of protects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3942.6s	3942.6	 itself from having the majority eat the minority, when the minority, you know, in this particular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3948.4s	3948.4	 case, funds the state's budget, right? And like, well, there's a famous and the voter doesn't see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3953.0s	3953.0	 that. Yeah, there's a there's a famous line in political philosophy that democracy is not two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3958.1s	3958.1	 wolves and a sheep voting on what they're going to have for dinner. Okay, that there's a concept.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3963.1s	3963.1	 There's a concept, in addition to democracy of rights, you know, that that you have rights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3969.0s	3969.0	 that the government can't just take away. And so part of the American founding wasn't just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3974.2s	3974.2	 sort of the majoritarian machinery of government, it was a preoccupation with with the rights of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3979.9s	3979.9	 individuals and minorities to be protected against what majorities would do. That's why we have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3984.6s	3984.6	 Bill of Rights. So yeah, I mean, there have to be rights of individuals that are protectable on some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3991.9s	3991.9	 level. And I and I think it's a real constitutional issue, whether the wealth tax is even allowed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=3998.7s	3998.7	 That's I think where it's going to get fought and lost, because the the clever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4003.9s	4003.9	 order in the Supreme Court will say, if this what comes next? Is it are we going to go back and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4009.2s	4009.2	 saying, you know, all of a sudden, the majority doesn't like certain kinds of other kinds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4013.2s	4013.2	 minorities? Where does the line and you can't have a certain kind of car or house, you can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4018.1s	4018.1	 have a certain car? Oh, wait, I actually don't like the tone of the color of your skin. Oh, wait,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4022.4s	4022.4	 religious minorities, all of a sudden, we're back to the 1940s. And I just don't think this is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4027.8s	4027.8	 to pass because it's not justifiable. At the federal level, I do think that you can just basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4035.5s	4035.5	 jack up taxation and do a bunch of other things that that make it more fair. I'll be honest with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4039.8s	4039.8	 you guys, I'm a little torn on this topic. And I'll tell you why. On the one hand, if I had to pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4044.2s	4044.2	 one and a half percent a year, I'm like, Okay, what is the marginal utility of that money for me?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4049.8s	4049.8	 It's basically zero. So it's not as if I would feel that change of 1.5%. The thing that would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4056.2s	4056.2	 upset me more is not having to pay the 1.5%, but then to see it wasted. That would drive me crazy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4062.4s	4062.4	 because then I would think, you know, I could have bought potable water for, you know, a native
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4068.4s	4068.4	 Indian tribe in California. I mean, actually, here's a perfect example. I just found this out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4072.5s	4072.5	 today, you guys would be shocked. There is an incredible shortage of clean water in the Central
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4078.5s	4078.5	 Valley. There are places today where you're and my fellow compatriots of California live,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4085.0s	4085.0	 where they have to buy these huge $12 arrowhead jugs of water, because the water is completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4090.8s	4090.8	 poisoned. And when I heard that yesterday, I thought in California, in the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4096.3s	4096.3	 of America, and then he said to me, Chimath, you can give for two and a half million bucks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4100.9s	4100.9	 you can basically get 5000 people clean water through this thing that he's working on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4105.7s	4105.7	 So for me, the thing that would be upsetting is not paying the 1.5%. It would see it would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4112.6s	4112.6	 seeing nothing gets solved from it. And then and then what it would really prove is what I said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4117.8s	4117.8	 earlier, which is it's just a bunch of belly aching from folks that actually just don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4124.1s	4124.1	 how to actually seek success. And that's a problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4126.4s	4126.4	 The good thing, Chimath, is that you can run for the governor of the state of California and fix that fucking problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4129.8s	4129.8	 Hey, we should build a website.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4133.4s	4133.4	 That is the benefit of democracy is you can kind of run and you can step in and you can help solve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4137.5s	4137.5	 these problems at the government level. But we could start a podcast and try to use our influence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4141.5s	4141.5	 or we could donate to things. Guys, I'll say something else. I also think that these kinds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4145.3s	4145.3	 of bills are actually a shot across the bow to a handful of people that are not playing by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4150.3s	4150.3	 rules anymore. We're not towing the line and standing in line and saying, I'm clearly demarcating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4154.6s	4154.6	 myself as a Democrat. I'm clearly demarcating myself as a Republican. I'll play nice, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4159.6s	4159.6	 think of what's really happened in COVID. You've had a massive explosion in D to C distribution.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4167.0s	4167.0	 Think of the platform that we've created out of nothing. Think of the platform that Elon Musk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4171.7s	4171.7	 has out of nothing. And if you take that writ large, it's extremely disruptive to people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4178.3s	4178.3	 is all about controlling the message which allows them to control power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4182.1s	4182.1	 And I think that a lot of these rules are these ways of almost like counter punching against it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4186.8s	4186.8	 but they're ineffective. What I would encourage all of us to do is actually become completely zen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4191.8s	4191.8	 and instead continue to aggregate distribution power, because that will replace the one and a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4196.4s	4196.4	 half percent tax that you have to pay. Because if you can talk to people directly and tell them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4201.0s	4201.0	 your version of the truth and allow them to underwrite their version of the truth against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4205.3s	4205.3	 what you said, that is modern power. And that's worth a lot more than the money that you'll pay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4211.5s	4211.5	 Now, would you give that same power to Donald Trump? Because he's been cut out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4215.0s	4215.0	 I think you have to in that model.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4219.1s	4219.1	 All right, everybody. We'll be taking next week off, because it's spring break, and you can take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4224.9s	4224.9	 the week off as well. Anybody have any plugs or things they want to promote?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4228.4s	4228.4	 Why are we taking the week off?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4230.0s	4230.0	 Because I don't want to take the week off. I'm fine with doing it. I think some people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4233.4s	4233.4	 are going to be on vacation in there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4234.6s	4234.6	 Someone's going to be somewhere really nice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4236.5s	4236.5	 Can't you call in? Chamath can't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4239.4s	4239.4	 I don't know if the place Chamath is going to be has internet access. We'll send you a Starlinked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4244.7s	4244.7	 All of my undisclosed locations have internet access.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4249.0s	4249.0	 For those of you who don't know, Chamath has rented the pyramids in Giza, and he will be staying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4252.9s	4252.9	 inside of them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4253.7s	4253.7	 And he'll be dismantling them and NFT-ing them and turning them to dust.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4258.4s	4258.4	 Obviously, I will be getting wrapped as a mummy in King Tut's tomb. He has robotic waiters serving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4264.1s	4264.1	 him the whole time he's there. He's living out of sci-fi fantasy next week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4267.0s	4267.0	 Well, you know what? I did tweet that we're going to do a live show after everybody gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4270.9s	4270.9	 vaccinated. We've been doing over 3 million a day here in California starting tomorrow, April 1st.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4277.0s	4277.0	 Live poker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4278.0s	4278.0	 Live poker can occur, but we are going to be hosting, I think Chamath and I.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4282.9s	4282.9	 New York City.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4283.7s	4283.7	 New York City. Sax is partial to Miami because it's El Fuego, is that right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4290.3s	4290.3	 Am I?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4291.1s	4291.1	 I don't know. Are you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4292.3s	4292.3	 Yeah, we do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4294.3s	4294.3	 Can we just agree then, let's do this, guys. Let's do May, we'll do it somewhere in New York City,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4302.8s	4302.8	 and then June, we can do Miami. How about that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4305.4s	4305.4	 Well, June, it's going to be too hot. I would flip that because it's going to be too hot and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4310.6s	4310.6	 May would be better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4311.2s	4311.2	 Well, why not do a two-city tour?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4312.2s	4312.2	 I'll tell you the other reason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4312.9s	4312.9	 Two-city tour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4313.6s	4313.6	 Well, we could do both, but I also think that we should do Miami first because they're not afraid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4319.1s	4319.1	 to come out to an audience. I think that's a good thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4321.9s	4321.9	 Afraid to come out to an audience. I think that people in New York and California still have more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4327.4s	4327.4	 PTSD.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4327.5s	4327.5	 Yeah, we need to go where people are the most reckless. Let's go where people have absolutely,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4334.0s	4334.0	 totally gone YOLO. I mean, just to close on this, Friedberg, as the man of science here on the pod,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4343.7s	4343.7	 at this point, these vaccines have been proven to not only keep you from dying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4348.4s	4348.4	 keeping you out of the ICU. We now found out this past week, correct, that you're not going to carry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4352.9s	4352.9	 it and infect other people in all likelihood.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4355.0s	4355.0	 Very true. And another interesting point was made this week by a paper that was published showing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4363.6s	4363.6	 that you have effectively 80% efficacy from your first shot about two to three weeks after your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4370.4s	4370.4	 first shot. And then you go to 90% after your second shot. And then there's another paper that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4375.8s	4375.8	 showed you're actually better off waiting over three months for your second shot, not getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4380.8s	4380.8	 it three weeks later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4381.6s	4381.6	 So you were right. You said we should do one shot and then come back to the second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4386.3s	4386.3	 Right. That's right. And so there's now very good data that shows that that would have been a better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4390.6s	4390.6	 move because we would have had double the throughput in terms of how many people we could have gotten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4393.9s	4393.9	 shot in arms if we had done that. So everyone effectively gets 80, 90% protected or 80% protected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4400.2s	4400.2	 after the first shot. And then it's better to wait three months. And so we could have done the back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4403.9s	4403.9	 half of the year where everyone gets their kind of booster second shot and the front half of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4407.4s	4407.4	 year give the whole United States a first shot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4409.0s	4409.0	 But David, what's the, where's the article that says you don't carry it if you've gotten the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4412.7s	4412.7	 vaccine? I need to know that because that's like the thing that's always in the back of my mind.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4416.2s	4416.2	 Yeah. I tweeted it. I tweeted it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4419.4s	4419.4	 I think Sacks put it out too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4422.5s	4422.5	 Experts say it appears. I'm reading.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4427.6s	4427.6	 I ratioed him. I ratioed him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4429.4s	4429.4	 I see you. I see you're retweeting some of my ideas. You usually don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4435.3s	4435.3	 because I'm your friend and I fucking love you. You usually say it back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4439.7s	4439.7	 You will say it back at some point. I don't know what I have to do for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4443.4s	4443.4	 I mean, I mark, I mark up your deals. I, you know, I take care of your family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4447.1s	4447.1	 I mean, I'm there for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4448.2s	4448.2	 Mark up that pipe deal. That pipe deal has gone supernova with that Chamath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4452.6s	4452.6	 pixie dust on top of it. Experts say it appears COVID-19 vaccines can help reduce the transmission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4457.2s	4457.2	 of the new coronavirus from person to person. They say this is accomplished by reducing the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4460.9s	4460.9	 viral load in a vaccinated person's nose. Besides the statistics on this, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4466.6s	4466.6	 there is no documented proof that someone was fully vaccinated and transmitted COVID to someone else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4473.0s	4473.0	 out of 400 million total vaccinations globally. So there's a, you know, also like a really strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4477.8s	4477.8	 kind of point to make, which is show me the evidence that it can because, you know, everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4481.9s	4481.9	 about biology and, you know, science would, would indicate, you know, in terms of how this would work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4486.4s	4486.4	 there's no reason the virus should be spreading and that you suddenly become infectious and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4489.5s	4489.5	 contagious. Of course.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4492.3s	4492.3	 This was like the most obvious study ever that look, if you get the vaccine, it prevents you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4496.5s	4496.5	 from getting sick. You're also not going to transmit it to other people. But let me ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4500.3s	4500.3	 a question. Why is it that every time a politician says that the experts required it, it's always the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4506.5s	4506.5	 stupidest position, you know, because the experts on this show, we had Freeberg saying this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4512.6s	4512.6	 We had Bob Wachter from UCSF who, you know, runs UCSF saying that, you know, we should have just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4519.1s	4519.1	 done the first dose first, get everyone through on one dose and then come back and do the second
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4523.9s	4523.9	 dose. Of course, like no one in the federal government, a position of authority took that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4527.9s	4527.9	 position. Fauci didn't take that position. And then we had Fauci on top of it saying that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4533.1s	4533.1	 might have to wear masks until 2022. But, you know, because, because, because of this like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4540.0s	4540.0	 asymptomatic, because you could be vaccinated and still spread it, which has now been totally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4544.6s	4544.6	 disproven. So why is it that whenever somebody says we have to listen to the experts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4549.0s	4549.0	 they're always listening to the stupidest experts?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4551.0s	4551.0	 Because David, David, we are in a culture, we are in a culture where independent thought is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4557.0s	4557.0	 valued, where it is better to abdicate and look to an expert to tell you what to do now. That is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4562.3s	4562.3	 again, I go back to, we are in a cultural malaise of not wanting to make our own decisions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4567.1s	4567.1	 I've been working on my Dr. Fauci, Sachs. Mr. Sachs, that's correct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4573.4s	4573.4	 Asymptomatic patients may in fact infect other people, but we don't know yet. So it's best to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4578.8s	4578.8	 wear a mask, if not two masks, and to have proper distancing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4582.9s	4582.9	 By the way, Chamath, the point you just made, I think is really important, because I think it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4586.6s	4586.6	 also reflects what I said earlier about economic inequality, and economic progress. When you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4593.5s	4593.5	 greater economic freedom, you have greater economic progress, and then you will inevitably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4597.8s	4597.8	 have economic inequality. The same is true with ideas. So when you give people the opportunity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4603.0s	4603.0	 to have the greatest freedom in terms of sharing and expressing their ideas, you have the greatest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4607.4s	4607.4	 progress, but you also end up with this issue where people have vastly different ideas and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4612.6s	4612.6	 inequality arises. And right now we're in a mode of cancel culture, and we're in a mode of telling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4617.8s	4617.8	 people that they can't say certain things, and they have to be very careful about what they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4622.3s	4622.3	 saying and what context, and it limits this ability for people to feel free to express
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4626.0s	4626.0	 themselves, share their ideas, and push the boundary, and push the envelope, and find the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4629.6s	4629.6	 truth, and find the best outcome. And so I do think that we're in this kind of rationalization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4634.6s	4634.6	 kind of stage of our democracy, where we're reducing our kind of degrees of freedom, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4639.4s	4639.4	 it's playing out in terms of the ideas forum and the economic forum. And it just feels very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4644.2s	4644.2	 resonant to me that both are very linked right now. Can I try to answer my own question, actually?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4649.7s	4649.7	 Yeah, never stopped you before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4652.4s	4652.4	 Here's what I just realized. Okay, listen, if you're going to make an argument that fundamentally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4657.4s	4657.4	 makes sense, you don't need to tell people, oh, go follow the science. You don't need to appeal to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4662.6s	4662.6	 some external authority. You can just lay out your argument and it makes sense. When do you need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4667.6s	4667.6	 say to everybody, listen, you need to shut down your own brain, you need to shut down your own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4672.1s	4672.1	 logical thought process, and just follow what that person over there says. The people who need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4677.0s	4677.0	 make that argument are the people who are making arguments that don't make any sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4680.6s	4680.6	 I mean, this idea of wearing a mask after you've already been vaccinated never made any sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4685.4s	4685.4	 This idea of locking down the whole economy instead of isolating the at risk people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4690.5s	4690.5	 for a whole year, it doesn't make sense. It's been done, David, it's been done by the left,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4694.9s	4694.9	 and it's been done by the right in equal measure. Whenever you have an opportunity to grab power,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4700.6s	4700.6	 people will abstract. And then they will aggregate and pull it in and they will make decisions for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4706.7s	4706.7	 people by pointing to these abstract ideas. It has happened in forever. This is not a new thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4712.2s	4712.2	 It's just that now with social media, you can distribute this power grab more efficiently than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4717.5s	4717.5	 before. And then you can see it for what it is because you can debunk it. And that's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4722.0s	4722.0	 thing that's happened. That's why there's more anger around it because you can debunk all this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4725.6s	4725.6	 nonsense. You can actually say, well, what's the data say? And but most people don't want to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4731.1s	4731.1	 that. It's easier to abdicate responsibility. All right. We want to thank Dr. Fauci, our great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4735.8s	4735.8	 guest today, you want to maintain social distancing. Don't think for yourself. The CDC has been very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4741.6s	4741.6	 clear. The Chinese report from the WHO approved by Xi Jinping says it did not come from a weapons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4749.4s	4749.4	 laboratory. We take Xi Jinping at his word. You know what you are? You're not even Fauci. You're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4753.4s	4753.4	 that person. What's your name? The great actress, the comedian from SNL. She's got blonde hair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4759.8s	4759.8	 Oh, yeah. Katie McKinnon or something. Yeah, Kate McKinnon doing Fauci. That's what you are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4765.0s	4765.0	 You're like a babushka. You're like a babushka doll. I just love that. I just love that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4769.8s	4769.8	 have Ted Cruz being done by that other woman. It's like every time they want to draw the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4773.8s	4773.8	 Republicans, they think guys free bird. We're going to go. He's meeting. He's meeting and a friend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4782.0s	4782.0	 What are you meeting? Oh, be careful. It got dirty. He got ugly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4789.4s	4789.4	 Take that last part out, Nick. Be the last part out that he's having dinner with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4795.0s	4795.0	 And beep. All right, we'll see everybody. Love you guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4825.0s	4825.0	 Oh, man. Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4829.7s	4829.7	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just useless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4833.6s	4833.6	 It's like this like sexual tension that they just need to release them out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4837.8s	4837.8	 What? Your.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4843.0s	4843.0	 We need to get merch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPwvZZkrJ90&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=108&t=4855.0s	4855.0	 You
