https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=0.0s	0.0	 Is is Jake out here? I can't see him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=10.2s	10.2	 Why do the two fat guys have to ruin everything I mean get your shit together you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=16.9s	16.9	 The show started free burger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=30.0s	30.0	 It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=41.9s	41.9	 If you'd like to skip the bestie Twitter drama and get right into the episode jump to 20 minutes and 48 seconds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=49.5s	49.5	 Hey everybody. Hey everybody. We've got a great show for you today. What a treat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=54.5s	54.5	 This is gonna be here at the all-in podcast when we cover everything technology business market politics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=60.1s	60.1	 And of course the besties emotions and their feelings. I'm Dave Friedberg the king of canola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=66.7s	66.7	 Joining me today are the guys that used to be besties first joining us from burly scone's boom boom boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=74.2s	74.2	 The pipe piper of spacks himself to mob poly hopper boo you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=79.1s	79.1	 Come on. Welcome. You look great today. Thank you and from one of his many houses the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=86.3s	86.3	 sass bully himself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=88.7s	88.7	 David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=90.0s	90.0	 sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=91.6s	91.6	 And of course our former moderator and host the one and only the internet famous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=99.2s	99.2	 the Bronx bully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=102.1s	102.1	 Jason Cala canis everybody Jay Cal. Welcome. You're looking great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=106.4s	106.4	 You look like you're ready to do a little jab and a hook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=109.0s	109.0	 So for those of you joining us today that haven't been following on Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=112.1s	112.1	 I'm sorry Chamath did did you get Kermit the Frog to host the show?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=115.8s	115.8	 I mean Jesus Christ that opening was the worst most painful thing I've ever heard it really was not very good. Okay. Well welcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=127.8s	127.8	 It's a failed experiment already I thought the opening was good good job free bird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=131.7s	131.7	 I think you're doing well, so fucking four of ten stop prejudging his performance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=136.8s	136.8	 It just began and by the way interrupting already stop interrupting stop interrupting cal canis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=142.4s	142.4	 So the moderator is moderating and Jay Cal has to take the money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=146.0s	146.0	 the dreamers and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=148.4s	148.4	 Block him. I'm gonna mute him. Thank you. So gentlemen, welcome as we know over the past week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=153.7s	153.7	 there has been a Twitter feud between Jason and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=157.8s	157.8	 David sacks and I'm gonna give you guys a little bit of this background for those of you who haven't followed online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=162.8s	162.8	 Which I'm assuming is the vast majority of you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=165.4s	165.4	 But there's a Twitter account called all in stats and they publish an analysis showing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=170.7s	170.7	 that Jay Cal has been talking a lot on our podcast and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=174.9s	174.9	 Sacks, you know kind of quote tweeted and said, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=178.7s	178.7	 Here is statistical proof of Jason's piss poor moderation of the all-in pod Jay Cal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=183.8s	183.8	 If you were moderating correctly, you would be fourth place in air time in air time instead of tied for first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=188.6s	188.6	 Your job is to facilitate discussion not dominate it stop interrupting and let the grown-ups talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=194.3s	194.3	 J Cal immediately jumps up with a response
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=197.0s	197.0	 Maybe you could start your own pod with Peter Thiel and Keith or boys and have Tucker Carlson moderate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=202.8s	202.8	 Sack says I know it's rough doing ten years of this week in startups and never getting to number one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=207.3s	207.3	 Then Shemagh Friedberg and I do it effectively on the first date on the first take but this is why you need to stick to your lane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=213.8s	213.8	 And stop talking over us. Oh my god, so brutal sacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=219.2s	219.2	 J Cal then responds with a niche podcast about just startups is never gonna be number one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=224.1s	224.1	 It's not for general audience like all in by design
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=227.5s	227.5	 number two sure trash the guy who is relentlessly supported you for decades because you're obsessed with your stats and forget about the quality of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=234.5s	234.5	 conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=235.5s	235.5	 Then J Cal blocks David sacks on Twitter publicly sacks tells everyone Jake how block him and this whole thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=242.6s	242.6	 Escalates and snowball so the besties have they broken up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=247.9s	247.9	 Are they gonna get back together as this podcast gonna continue?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=251.2s	251.2	 My mom sent me a text this morning has the pod disintegrated Jason pulled out question mark question mark question mark the drama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=259.8s	259.8	 ensues so gentlemen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=261.8s	261.8	 I leave it to you sacks with your opening remarks and then J Cal you may respond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=266.0s	266.0	 I'm here to moderate this opening of today's all-in pod so we can kind of get past this and hopefully get the besties back together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=271.7s	271.7	 And continue our conversations that I think many people find valuable and are super helpful and useful for us and for our listeners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=278.4s	278.4	 Sacks, please. Well, I mean I can see on Jason's face that he's he's hurt that by my my tweets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=286.6s	286.6	 You know, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=288.2s	288.2	 Maybe he should go first and explain what's so hurtful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=290.8s	290.8	 I mean look the reality is about this show that you know breaking balls is part of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=296.3s	296.3	 We've been doing it for you know a year and a half and nobody does it more than Jason and then all of a sudden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=303.6s	303.6	 You know, he's on the receiving end of a couple of mean tweets and he's like the schoolyard bully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=308.9s	308.9	 Who finally gets popped in the nose and goes running to the teacher and he can't stop balling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=315.0s	315.0	 So, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=316.6s	316.6	 Where is it that somehow the word piss-poor crossed a red line for you after all of the you know ball-busting?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=323.6s	323.6	 You've been doing for the last year that somehow that's out of bounds and now you're gonna block me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=328.6s	328.6	 And potentially end the show in our friendship. So explain that to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=333.0s	333.0	 big baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=337.8s	337.8	 All right number one I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=341.4s	341.4	 Want to talk about the statistics and my role on my perception of you David is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=348.2s	348.2	 that you got a taste of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=350.6s	350.6	 Fame and celebrity and it's gone to your fucking head and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=356.3s	356.3	 You're out of your ego is out of control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=359.9s	359.9	 you now have stopped doing your job every day and you are obsessed with your statistics and how you're perceived on the pod as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=368.9s	368.9	 Seen by your obsession and your bromance with Henry or Harvey Bell cast or whatever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=376.6s	376.6	 You're sitting there obsessing over what percentage each of us talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=381.0s	381.0	 None of the other besties are reading all in stats or getting obsessed with Henry Bell Castor and how they're perceived on the pod
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=389.2s	389.2	 You have taken a championship show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=392.4s	392.4	 Which I pulled together with my decades of experience and team as the point God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=399.6s	399.6	 I am the Chris Paul of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=402.6s	402.6	 moderating the reason this show is number one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=405.7s	405.7	 Is because I created a super team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=410.2s	410.2	 there are four people on this podcast who bring a lot to the table and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=414.8s	414.8	 You have asked for decades for air cow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=418.5s	418.5	 I will not pull out a list but the time that you were gonna get canceled because of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=425.6s	425.6	 And the other time that your company was in the beep because the beep was investigating it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=433.0s	433.0	 You called air cow you called an air cow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=437.0s	437.0	 you can't deny it and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=439.6s	439.6	 nobody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=441.0s	441.0	 Has benefited more from my skills in media than you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=446.3s	446.3	 Are you are you speaking in an accent?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=454.0s	454.0	 He's getting for clients controlling it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=456.1s	456.1	 Okay, I'm bringing the ball up court and I fucking pass the ball to everybody I am white chocolate on this team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=463.3s	463.3	 I am the professor. I am Chris Paul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=465.9s	465.9	 Okay, and I passed the ball now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=468.6s	468.6	 If you want to be a point guard like me and throw crisp passes that make the audience laugh and make them cheer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=476.2s	476.2	 And bring down the whole goddamn stadium. Well, sometimes I'm gonna do a no-look pass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=481.0s	481.0	 It's gonna hitch in the back of the head or it's gonna bounce off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=483.6s	483.6	 You can't fucking cry about it constantly David and if you're looking at the minutes I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=489.8s	489.8	 Have to read the story and prep the story so I can put it in your lap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=495.4s	495.4	 which I love to do I love my role here and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=499.4s	499.4	 You're taking my minic out which is at least two-thirds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=502.9s	502.9	 Moderation and you're saying that's indicative of me being piss-poor now if it's all a goddamn joke, that's fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=508.9s	508.9	 But you're messing with my business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=511.2s	511.2	 My business is podcasting and performing if you got a problem with me as the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=516.6s	516.6	 Moderator you have my fucking phone number you can call me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=520.9s	520.9	 But don't go out and start some fight with me and then go start hanging out with Henry Belcaster when I'm your boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=527.3s	527.3	 Okay, and then everything with you is about your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=531.4s	531.4	 Call in clubhouse killer and we've got to move the pod to that you're getting out of control David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=537.7s	537.7	 You need to realize we started a podcast that went to number one instantly and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=542.9s	542.9	 Be grateful about that and stay the course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=546.1s	546.1	 The end I'm done. Well, all right good. All right, so can I respond? So first of all J Cal I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=552.0s	552.0	 Agree, you put the the super team together for this pod. You're an indispensable part of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=557.6s	557.6	 I'm not questioning that, you know, I don't think we should I don't think well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=562.6s	562.6	 The adults talk let me first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=565.7s	565.7	 I'm actually saying some positive things about you before I get into my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=569.1s	569.1	 Critique, okay. So look you deserve credit for putting this thing together along with with Chamath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=575.7s	575.7	 It wouldn't be the same without you. You do bring an element of entertainment to it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=581.6s	581.6	 Lord knows if it was just freeburg moderating all the time. It'd probably be extremely boring. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=587.4s	587.4	 Look, I although we're gonna give him a chance today. So who knows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=590.9s	590.9	 But rough start and it's not that I was angry or upset or concerned about my airtime or any of that stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=596.5s	596.5	 I was frustrated. Okay, because your moderation I have a couple of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=602.7s	602.7	 Concerns about her creeper, I guess complaints. Okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=606.2s	606.2	 One is that you do tend to interrupt and I'd say you interrupt me more than the others fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=612.0s	612.0	 Okay, and specifically not true. Let's talk about the issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=616.7s	616.7	 The the issue where this came up was the Eric Adams issue last pod, okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=621.0s	621.0	 So you didn't even go to me this this issue the Eric Adams issue is all about the crime issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=626.4s	626.4	 What the audience doesn't know is that you went to Chamath like three times then you moved on and we had to come back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=632.2s	632.2	 Said no listen, I raised my hand to get back into the conversation. We edited that part out. You skipped over me completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=638.3s	638.3	 I don't know how that was good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=640.1s	640.1	 Passing where was the dish? Okay, let me explain to you. Can I respond to that? Sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=647.4s	647.4	 You've got three people on the team who can score I come down the court I pass it sometimes there's two open guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=655.0s	655.0	 You're the guy who was open who didn't get the pass and now you're walking down the court complaining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=661.0s	661.0	 No, it's not keeping your head in the game. This would be like not going to freeberg on a science issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=666.8s	666.8	 Okay, I understand any chance for you to defend the cops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=672.4s	672.4	 Beating up criminals. I understand that your wheelhouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=675.2s	675.2	 When it comes to that I'll make sure it would be it would be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=679.1s	679.1	 Agree with you. I agree with you. It's an oversight. I can't hit every perfect pass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=683.5s	683.5	 You're expecting perfection. So then it's a missed pass and yet now you're upset about it. Okay, so then so then I basically say listen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=691.0s	691.0	 I want to talk to this issue. I have three points to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=693.4s	693.4	 I'm not through point number two before you're interrupting me and taking the ball away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=697.3s	697.3	 The specific reason why I said I have three points is to telegraph to you. Don't interrupt me bitch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=703.7s	703.7	 I got three points to make okay. What do you do? You cut me off in the middle of point two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=707.5s	707.5	 How is that good moderation? I don't think you do that to Chamath or even freeberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=712.1s	712.1	 This really is about this really is about Chamath versus you and my relationship with each. I love you both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=719.1s	719.1	 The reason why I brought up the all-in stats, okay is not cuz I'm concerned about my airtime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=724.0s	724.0	 but but to show a little concerned no because I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=727.6s	727.6	 They broke down that I was like fourth in the airtime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=729.8s	729.8	 So the only point about that is why are you giving me the hook?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=733.1s	733.1	 When I'm not talking too much if I were talking too much if I were monologuing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=737.1s	737.1	 It'd be a whole different story, but you're yanking the microwave for me in the mid sentence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=741.8s	741.8	 Before I even had a chance to finish and there's and there's one more thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=744.8s	744.8	 Okay, which is as soon as I bring up any concern with the moderation. Where do you go?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=749.8s	749.8	 You start calling me Tucker, you know, you start labeling me in this way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=755.0s	755.0	 Tucker in the last year. It's like just like a year dinner with Tucker in the last year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=758.7s	758.7	 You're proving my point. Where do you go?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=762.0s	762.0	 Yes, but why I'm trying to show entertaining and keep it moving no part of the show entertaining moving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=767.4s	767.4	 It's keeping you guys from monologuing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=769.6s	769.6	 I have to cut you off and make jokes a year and a half ago at the beginning of the pod
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=774.1s	774.1	 We had to have the last time we had a sort of session like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=777.8s	777.8	 It was because you kept trying to paint me as the Trump supporter, which is not my agenda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=783.1s	783.1	 Okay. Now you do vote for Trump now. You're trying to hang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=786.5s	786.5	 Tucker label on me. Why aren't you saying hey, let's hear from George Willis here from William Buckley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=791.2s	791.2	 The reason why you're choosing those labels is because you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=795.2s	795.2	 They are anathema to most people in Silicon Valley and you're trying to stigmatize me with them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=800.4s	800.4	 No, that is you're trying to are you reading from your notes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=803.2s	803.2	 Are you reading from your trying to hang that out of your talking points over my neck?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=806.9s	806.9	 Okay, and that is you're trying to anathema ties me in in the in the view of most people Silicon Valley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=813.3s	813.3	 You're causing what I'm trying to do you're trying to make a joke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=816.2s	816.2	 You are causing the audience to prejudge my message of my points before I've even had the chance to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=822.0s	822.0	 I'm trying to do by by attaching the bogeyman of the left to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=825.8s	825.8	 Okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=826.2s	826.2	 the result of that is the audience is gonna prejudge what I have to say and probably a third of the audience will never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=831.7s	831.7	 Want to hear what I have to say because you've pre labeled and prejudge me that is a serious problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=836.2s	836.2	 And that is fucking with my business that is fucking with my business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=839.9s	839.9	 More a lot more than me calling out your shitty moderation on one show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=845.5s	845.5	 Oh, so now it is shitty moderation. Okay, I thought it was great. Now we're back to it being shitty moderation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=850.8s	850.8	 Let me ask you what you're doing. Did you know what you're doing? Did you have to talk?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=855.0s	855.0	 You know what you're doing. Have you had dinner with Tucker answer the question?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=858.9s	858.9	 I'm gonna mute both of you now. Okay, I'm in the moderator to moth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=861.9s	861.9	 Do you want to weigh in on these two idiots and talk a little bit about how we can move the show forward?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=866.0s	866.0	 And at this point I'm thinking about V V V toeing the publication of the show so we can just have this conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=871.1s	871.1	 I'm not blind. This was this was so fucking part. This is this is this is this is so stupid Nick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=876.3s	876.3	 Edit all this nonsense out and make it 30 seconds and move on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=880.6s	880.6	 Hey guys, this is a really important powerful thing that we accidentally stumbled into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=886.9s	886.9	 I'll make two points David does get labeled and I don't think it's fair and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=892.2s	892.2	 Jason does an excellent job of moderating and sometimes I think that Jason does get excited and in getting excited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=899.3s	899.3	 You know, he's also not just there to moderate he's there to contribute as well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=902.8s	902.8	 And so I think that if you look at the the number of minutes as a guide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=908.0s	908.0	 it's not going to be accurate because he does have two jobs to do whereas the rest of us only have one and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=913.6s	913.6	 David does bring an enormous amount of clarity to what he says in a very fair way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=919.5s	919.5	 And it is unfair to him that he gets basically slathered with here's the crazy guy on the right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=925.5s	925.5	 So I think what I would just say is just let's just tone it the fuck down and calm down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=931.6s	931.6	 Okay, we're at a million fucking people a week. We could be a 10 million people a fucking week and we could fucking own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=937.8s	937.8	 The distribution of our ideas to millions and millions of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=941.9s	941.9	 Let's just stay the course and calm the fuck down. Well, I agree with all that actually I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=947.8s	947.8	 100% in agreement. I want to address the labeling issue. I want to address the label. I am joking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=953.5s	953.5	 Nine out of ten times when I talk about Trump because it's hilarious and your relationship with Tucker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=958.0s	958.0	 I think it's hilarious that you're part of the Keith Riboy and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=962.2s	962.2	 Teal thing and and I don't think it's damaging for your business at all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=965.2s	965.2	 And I think people are telling me I'm purple viewed we're moving to the center here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=968.9s	968.9	 So I believe that we're doing something noble by bringing all these voices together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=973.0s	973.0	 It's all a big joke and you know what I don't care what you say about me on Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=976.9s	976.9	 I know I'm good at what I do. There's nothing you could say that can change that. Why is your accent change?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=983.8s	983.8	 I think in general you are good at what you do and I and I and the reason why I do the top 10 tech podcasts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=990.9s	990.9	 Go open your fucking podcast player
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=993.3s	993.3	 Don't tell me to get my fucking shoes. Okay, I don't change shoes anymore for number four and number eight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=998.3s	998.3	 No, nobody's saying that so I think I think what what David literally what he said that's literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1003.1s	1003.1	 What are you what he's doing right now is showing why I had to tweet which is you won't take a note
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1007.1s	1007.1	 I can't tell the guy. Hey listen for me. It's not gonna happen on Twitter. You got my fucking phone number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1014.1s	1014.1	 Well, it doesn't happen in private either. We know that you could fucking call me. Oh, really? You're gonna take a note in private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1021.3s	1021.3	 I've tried we've had this conversation before we had this specific conversation about the Trump thing a year ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1027.3s	1027.3	 We haven't talked about Trump in six months. You're back to all your bad habits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1032.1s	1032.1	 Can we just hear an apology from one to the other and tell the other?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1036.4s	1036.4	 Absolutely willing to hear sexist apology. Tell them what you appreciate about him and what you like about him. Go ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1040.9s	1040.9	 Yeah, go fucking Christ. Is this therapy? All right. I unblocked fucking sacks and I'm following him enough. Thank you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1047.0s	1047.0	 We move forward apologize to each other. Sorry. You tweeted that shit sacks. I'm sorry. Come on, Susie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1053.7s	1053.7	 David apologized to him. Let's just move on Jason tell sacks. You're sorry for labeling him and you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1058.8s	1058.8	 You'll be more conscientious in the future, please. I'm sorry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1062.2s	1062.2	 that I brought up your relationship with Tucker and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1065.9s	1065.9	 That I labeled you a Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1069.4s	1069.4	 disciple I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1071.0s	1071.0	 Don't even need an apology. I just want him to recognize who so I'm trying to be the bigger man. Fuck it. I take it back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1078.0s	1078.0	 Okay, I unblocked you and you're followed I unblocked you and you're followed that's enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1083.0s	1083.0	 His feelings were hurt by you telling him that his podcast sucks and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1087.1s	1087.1	 Piss poor piss poor. Okay. Look you asked you asked me to have ten of your founders on the podcast in the last two years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1092.9s	1092.9	 I counted your team is in the fucking mix trying to get people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1099.3s	1099.3	 You've benefited from this relationship as well, so thank you for the I never said I didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1104.9s	1104.9	 Thank you to you. All right, we good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1108.0s	1108.0	 Look my frustration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1110.4s	1110.4	 Over your moderation boiled off into a couple of tweets last week. I did not mean to hurt your feelings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1116.0s	1116.0	 I was just trying to give you a note. Okay, if you would take the notes in private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1120.3s	1120.3	 I would give you them to you in private. I do think that overall you're a great moderator your contribution to the show is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1128.7s	1128.7	 Absolutely necessary and essential never disputed that I think we should keep doing the show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1134.6s	1134.6	 I didn't expect you to block me. Honestly, I didn't expect your feelings to be so hurt by what I said and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1141.3s	1141.3	 So, yeah, look I apologize for that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1143.3s	1143.3	 All I wanted to do is give you a note and I would appreciate if you could try and respect my note
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1148.6s	1148.6	 Not mischaracterize it. I think you know what I'm saying, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1151.9s	1151.9	 I just want the chance to be able to present my views without the audience prejudging them because you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1157.9s	1157.9	 That certain labels will not go over well with our audience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1161.5s	1161.5	 Okay, it'd be like introducing Chamath as the Michael Milken of SPACs. Okay, there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1169.6s	1169.6	 I'm not saying he is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1173.4s	1173.4	 No, I'm saying it would be as if you did that right you understand what you'd be doing if you labeled him that way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1180.0s	1180.0	 I don't think that is a fair label in fairness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1182.7s	1182.7	 I thought the labeling and the joking about you being the token
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1185.9s	1185.9	 Republican was a meta joke about the fact that Silicon Valley doesn't have too many of you and teals and roboys, etc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1192.6s	1192.6	 There's a small I think the whole point of what we were trying to say is Silicon Valley's heads up their ass. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1197.1s	1197.1	 Agree, so maybe so maybe the problem maybe the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1200.1s	1200.1	 We've we've identified is all these left-leaning people are just sniffing their own balls basically running to a cliff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1206.9s	1206.9	 Shredding so yeah, a lot of my views like on free speech are the old center left
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1212.4s	1212.4	 Exactly now you're for universal health care. Look at you. I haven't moved the whole world's gone crazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1217.8s	1217.8	 I mean everyone supported free speech until five minutes ago. Okay, that's what I went on Tucker to discuss free market about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1225.3s	1225.3	 Education and you were free market about about health care. Now you're like, I mean we should have health care and safety nets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1229.6s	1229.6	 I am I am a believer in in markets. All right, Jason. Let's start go. Let's fucking start the show three two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1235.5s	1235.5	 Hey everybody. Hey everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1237.2s	1237.2	 The all-in podcast is back besties unblocked with us again the Rain Man himself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1243.2s	1243.2	 David sacks and David Freeberg the queen of kin wah and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1249.7s	1249.7	 From his Italian hideaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1253.6s	1253.6	 Gallivanting in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1255.4s	1255.4	 Italy Chamath Pollyhappitya the dictator big news for besties this week Robin Hood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1262.3s	1262.3	 has filed their s1 and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1265.2s	1265.2	 Paid a fin refine 70 million dollars for outages and misleading cup customers multiple days of outages back in March 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1272.8s	1272.8	 We talked about here and poor communications around options trading risks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1278.7s	1278.7	 Robin Hood's s1 highlighted some extraordinary growth during that period as we discussed on the pod
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1287.4s	1287.4	 18 million funded accounts and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1290.0s	1290.0	 They're on a two billion dollar run rate five hundred twenty two million dollars in revenue in the first quarter up for X and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1297.5s	1297.5	 Monthly active users have more than doubled eight point six million accounts to seventeen point seven million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1303.7s	1303.7	 Just in the last year revenue was up 300%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1307.5s	1307.5	 Any thoughts on Robin Hood's s1? Obviously, I'm an interested party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1312.0s	1312.0	 It's the largest fine ever I think of this type but on the other side. Yeah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1317.1s	1317.1	 Yeah, so it should be a black eye for the company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1319.3s	1319.3	 But the reality is that they're happy to pay the fine and just move on so they don't have this issue hanging over their heads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1324.5s	1324.5	 Anymore and now they're gonna be able to IPO at like a 50 60 70 billion dollar valuation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1329.5s	1329.5	 And so for them, it's just sort of cost of doing business. I think there's something a little bit off about that, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1335.9s	1335.9	 That's kind of how it works freeburg anything. I mean congrats to you Jake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1339.9s	1339.9	 How it looks like you're gonna do really well with this deal, huh? It will return
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1344.5s	1344.5	 Roughly this one deal will do three or four times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1348.4s	1348.4	 the value of the first fund the launch fund one which was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1351.8s	1351.8	 Eleven million dollars you invest in the seed round or the a or what round did you invest in?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1356.0s	1356.0	 I think it was the seed round
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1358.4s	1358.4	 And so what's your multiple gonna be on a fifty billion dollar market cap, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1363.6s	1363.6	 it would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1366.0s	1366.0	 500 X
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1367.9s	1367.9	 Amazing amazing congrats big boy. Yeah, it's a rest Jake Allen. I'm happy to see that your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1374.6s	1374.6	 Your success is finally catching up to your ego. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1389.5s	1389.5	 Well, actually between this and the composition I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1394.0s	1394.0	 You know, listen, it's a long way to go before we distribute obviously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1397.8s	1397.8	 But that first fund I did which came after the Scouts fund my Sequoia Scouts portfolio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1401.7s	1401.7	 I only advice to you Jason is talk talk to a few season GPS like girly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1405.4s	1405.4	 Fred Wilson and figure out the right distribution strategy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1408.3s	1408.3	 One of the biggest things that I see these folks do is early stage venture investors thinking that they're public market investors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1414.9s	1414.9	 Trying to time the market trying to figure out how to do distributions and it never works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1419.2s	1419.2	 Which means do you hold the shares for another year or two?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1424.1s	1424.1	 I would distribute them immediately book the win move on. Yeah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1428.0s	1428.0	 You know, it's interesting a lot of the top firms that I'm in are holding their shares and I had a firm that had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1434.0s	1434.0	 Square and they held some number of them until it's 7x and then distributed. So I guess technically they get to book that win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1442.7s	1442.7	 What are your thoughts on that sax of when to distribute and how are you doing any your fund? Yeah, I mean, it's a good question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1448.9s	1448.9	 The reality is that you know, let's say that you're in year four or five of a ten year fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1454.5s	1454.5	 you could hold the shares for another five years and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1457.5s	1457.5	 If the shares go up over that five-year period you'll you'll do better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1461.9s	1461.9	 So I think the question on IRR your your numbers will look better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1466.1s	1466.1	 well, I mean you're compensated on the absolute amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1469.4s	1469.4	 Return that you generate and so it might be if you distribute the shares and then if you're in carry and you just hold the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1475.2s	1475.2	 Shares, you'll realize the same gains, you know, you know, it depends what happens to the stock price
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1479.3s	1479.3	 I guess I guess what I'm saying if the stock were to go 10x and you get 20% of those shares if there were 100
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1484.9s	1484.9	 You had 20 if it 10x you're still getting 20% right Shama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1488.2s	1488.2	 So it nets out to the same if you hold the shares yourself personally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1491.3s	1491.3	 This is why I think that if you're in the business of running a multi-fund business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1495.9s	1495.9	 I think you're better off generally and I think again if you talk to the best firms out there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1501.8s	1501.8	 They typically will not try to guess what's gonna happen in the public markets. They distribute and they move on to their next fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1509.0s	1509.0	 And then because you have to remember the IRRs, you know, you go through these rough patches. It decays quickly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1514.7s	1514.7	 And all of a sudden something that looks great can start to look not so great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1518.0s	1518.0	 And the example of that might be snowflake or something going down after it went public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1522.5s	1522.5	 And if you had distributed it you would have booked the win at that high multiple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1526.1s	1526.1	 Yeah, and then then you're thinking to yourself. Wow, I hope it goes back up and then you're like, well, when do I distribute?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1531.1s	1531.1	 It's all if these are all not things that venture capitalists should be engaged in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1534.4s	1534.4	 They should be there to help build the next the next David versus Goliath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1537.6s	1537.6	 I think the the counter argument to that is if you really believe in the company and think you understand it better than the public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1543.5s	1543.5	 Markets do or or because you've been on the board and you have information, you know, if you hold it for another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1549.3s	1549.3	 Yes, there's gonna be ups and downs, but let's say that you plan to hold it for another four or five years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1553.9s	1553.9	 yeah, you'll still get the same 20 25 percent carry but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1557.6s	1557.6	 The point at which that carry will crystallize would be at like a much higher level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1561.6s	1561.6	 and so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1562.7s	1562.7	 Essentially you're preventing your LPs from selling is what you're doing and so you may get an extra turn of your fun by doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1569.0s	1569.0	 That how do we feel as LPs David Freberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1571.8s	1571.8	 But there's sorry, there's also isn't there like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1575.1s	1575.1	 I'm just trying to pull up the Goldman Sachs report they did in 2019 where they analyzed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1580.5s	1580.5	 4,500 IPOs over a 25 year period and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1584.5s	1584.5	 I think that and I could be wrong on this but if I remember some summary of this, I'm trying to find it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1590.2s	1590.2	 So I can't find it right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1591.4s	1591.4	 but that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1593.2s	1593.2	 Basically highlighted that IPOs as an index generally outperform the market over some period of time whether it's one year or three years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1600.0s	1600.0	 And so if you have access to those IPO shares assume your venture investor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1604.7s	1604.7	 You can beat the S&P by 10 15 points just generally without having any thought about the business itself or the company itself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1613.3s	1613.3	 And you know participate in 20% carry on the upside from there or 25% carry the upside from there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1619.2s	1619.2	 And so generally the rule of thumb becomes well, you shouldn't distribute right away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1623.4s	1623.4	 You should hold is that not kind of a common dogma amongst GPs nowadays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1628.7s	1628.7	 Look at square look at square. I mean square at all like most of the appreciation happened in the public markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1634.5s	1634.5	 I think Sequoia held on to their square shares did way way way better because nobody sold effectively for several years and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1642.9s	1642.9	 The best firms do this right? I mean like you hear from girly and others that you know, they hold on to these shares for years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1649.1s	1649.1	 and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1650.1s	1650.1	 You know a good business going public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1652.8s	1652.8	 Has a much better chance of performing well as a public company than you know, just tracking the S&P
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1659.1s	1659.1	 After an IPO regardless of evaluation at exit set. Well, how do we feel as LPs Chamath your LPs and a lot of terrible?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1665.6s	1665.6	 I'm in 15 terrible you you want your shares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1667.9s	1667.9	 I don't know if no offense to any GP out there, but I don't think they're as good of a public market investor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1672.5s	1672.5	 As I am so give me the shares. I'll manage it myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1675.8s	1675.8	 and get out of the way I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1678.7s	1678.7	 Give money to a lot of to your point a lot of GPS because I want private market exposure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1684.2s	1684.2	 I don't want them speculating in the public markets for me. I do that for myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1688.3s	1688.3	 And so I would rather just get the shares and make my own decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1693.2s	1693.2	 You know a lot of foundations for example are in the situation where they're there to fund programs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1697.9s	1697.9	 So if they have a you know multi hundred million dollar position in a great company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1702.3s	1702.3	 And they can't fund a program or the you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1705.5s	1705.5	 A hospital system can't do what they need to do because some GP is speculating in the public markets. I think it's insane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1712.3s	1712.3	 So give you give it give it give the LPs the money and move on it's not your job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1717.2s	1717.2	 Otherwise, you should run a generalized fund and most people don't because they can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1722.5s	1722.5	 Generally, how do you guys when you are a large owner in a company that goes public?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1728.1s	1728.1	 Or just say the pool of venture investors or owners in a company that goes public and the lockup is expiring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1733.9s	1733.9	 You know typically six months after the IPO and you can now distribute your shares to your LPs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1738.7s	1738.7	 Do those you know investors take note of or have concern?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1744.0s	1744.0	 About the impact it might have on the stock price when they're making those distribution decisions typically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1748.2s	1748.2	 I think they think about that but a lot of these LPs particularly the nonprofits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1753.4s	1753.4	 They're forced day one sellers the minute that they get the stock that just like as soon as the stock gets distributed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1758.5s	1758.5	 Everyone's selling and the stock takes a hit right and yeah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1761.7s	1761.7	 There's something happening. I mean, this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1765.3s	1765.3	 Speculation that I don't have so just you know take it as that but my understanding was some investment banks went to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1773.6s	1773.6	 The and Shamath might know the background on this went to some of the major LPs in the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1779.7s	1779.7	 And said hey you have a position in I don't know this cab company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1784.8s	1784.8	 It's going public. It's fully valued or it's very well valued. Would you like to collar your shares?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1790.8s	1790.8	 Before that and we will take them off your hands and and lock you into a certain price for some percentage of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1797.9s	1797.9	 Basically and running the GP's decision-making process. Of course, there's there's a lot about that happens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1804.1s	1804.1	 This is why I'm saying I think the GP is better off if you're in the venture fund business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1807.5s	1807.5	 Be in the venture fund business do a great job at that raise funds distribute cash do what you're supposed to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1813.2s	1813.2	 But please don't try to do something. It's kind of like asking, you know, the firemen to also operate on you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1817.7s	1817.7	 No, I don't want that take me to the hospital and let the doctor do the job. I think it's a very valid perspective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1823.2s	1823.2	 I think it's probably the baseline that VC should operate from but I do think there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1827.4s	1827.4	 exceptions where if the VC has been on a company board for a while it feels like they have they understand the company better than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1833.8s	1833.8	 Especially during the first two years as a public company when the markets can be really choppy and the company's trying to find its level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1840.2s	1840.2	 And people don't really understand it. I think there is an argument for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1844.4s	1844.4	 The VC having expertise in that initial public run then they might be doing their LPs a favor by holding but but look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1852.2s	1852.2	 I think Tomas point is well taken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1854.6s	1854.6	 also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1856.0s	1856.0	 Companies are going public earlier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1857.8s	1857.8	 So this is gonna become a bigger issue because it's an easy decision in year 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1863.3s	1863.3	 If you were an uber investor an Airbnb investor say, okay, it's been 11 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1867.4s	1867.4	 We're gonna give you your shares, but if you're in year five and the company goes out so early, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1872.5s	1872.5	 You could make an argument. Hey, maybe we hold it for two or three years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1875.4s	1875.4	 Just going back on the previous topic J Cal the the FINRA news on Robin Hood, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1880.4s	1880.4	 So FINRA just so everyone understands it's not a government regulator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1884.9s	1884.9	 It's a private entity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1886.1s	1886.1	 Yes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1886.6s	1886.6	 It's called a self regulatory organization and these SROs are basically they have a board and a you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1892.4s	1892.4	 A bunch of people that run them but they're pooled and managed by all the participants the private participants in the markets of Goldman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1899.1s	1899.1	 Saks and Morgan Stanley JP Morgan and all the banks they are all part of the FINRA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1903.3s	1903.3	 SRO and so the way that these SROs are set up is to avoid government regulation and to avoid government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1909.8s	1909.8	 Intervention in markets and allows the markets to effectively self regulate themselves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1914.1s	1914.1	 in a way that everyone in the market is kind of keeping an eye on each other and making sure that this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1918.5s	1918.5	 Being taken care of and I think one thing to take note of from this fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1922.5s	1922.5	 Is that it telegraphs that FINRA and the markets in general the market participants in general may be rather concerned and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1930.6s	1930.6	 rather worried about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1932.7s	1932.7	 government intervention in some of these new markets and emerging fintech practices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1937.3s	1937.3	 Because they wanted to say look we put the gauntlet down on Robin Hood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1940.7s	1940.7	 We made them pay the biggest fine ever we made him pay 70 million dollars stay away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1945.0s	1945.0	 We're taking care of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1946.3s	1946.3	 Because the concern everyone's had is that AOC and Elizabeth Warren and a bunch of people on Capitol Hill are waving flags saying we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1952.4s	1952.4	 Need to step in we need to regulate these companies. We need to regulate these practices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1955.6s	1955.6	 We need to protect consumers and so this fine really signals that the market is a bit concerned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1961.8s	1961.8	 That the government is going to come in and start trying to tell fintech companies how to practice and how to operate and generally tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1968.1s	1968.1	 All market company, you know market participants how to operate which is a very scary prospect for them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1974.0s	1974.0	 So to me this was really this this was really big news about what it telegraphs the backdoor conversations are you know that are going on?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1980.6s	1980.6	 Yeah with market participants right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1982.6s	1982.6	 what you're almost saying is that this is a benefit to Robin Hood to pay the largest fine because it it says to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1989.1s	1989.1	 You know to the politicians look we've already been punished in this, you know maximal way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=1994.0s	1994.0	 You don't need to layer it on top. So in a way, it's better for Robin Hood that they paid 70 million instead of 10 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2000.0s	2000.0	 Yeah, and it's not it's not by the way. It's not even for Robin Hood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2002.5s	2002.5	 I think all the market participants JP Morgan Goldman Sachs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2005.5s	2005.5	 They all have huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2006.6s	2006.6	 You know tech teams and they all have acquired fintech companies and they are all trying to go digital and everyone is worried about the government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2014.3s	2014.3	 intervening and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2015.4s	2015.4	 Changing how this business is transforming because as soon as the government gets involved, it's gonna slow down the transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2020.6s	2020.6	 It's gonna you know make things much more challenging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2022.6s	2022.6	 And I think that everyone's trying to keep the government at bay while the great digital transformation of markets is underway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2029.1s	2029.1	 And and I think that's like the biggest signal from this this fin refining and there's you there's some interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2036.3s	2036.3	 nuances there that they brought up something like the confetti so when you buy something on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2040.5s	2040.5	 Robin Hood it used to explode confetti gamification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2044.8s	2044.8	 They're like, oh we're gonna take that out and you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2047.0s	2047.0	 If you go to Vegas, they've got bells and whistles going off everywhere when you place a bet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2051.5s	2051.5	 And so it is a little bit of window dressing. I think it's also interesting that you bring up the self regulatory organizations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2057.5s	2057.5	 There's two other equivalents for people who are thinking about this the MPA motion picture Association
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2063.1s	2063.1	 which was formed back in 1922 because people had the same fear about movies and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2069.1s	2069.1	 Valentini I think was the the guy who really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2072.8s	2072.8	 Changed how movies were perceived in the PG-13 era allowing a lot more violence Terminator those kind of movies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2079.7s	2079.7	 And then you had a similar thing happen in the video game industry in 90s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2085.7s	2085.7	 Does Robin Hood still have like the lawsuits with like?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2090.0s	2090.0	 Massachusetts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2091.4s	2091.4	 There's like 10 other lawsuits class actions, etc about no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2096.6s	2096.6	 Like with with government entities right like like didn't Massachusetts try to state attorney general. Yeah, something like that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2103.0s	2103.0	 I think right. Yeah, I don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2106.1s	2106.1	 but the other one that was very interesting was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2109.9s	2109.9	 ESRB which is the entertainment software ratings board because video games like Mortal Kombat and those and doom were you know had to self-regulate, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2118.5s	2118.5	 So either you regulate yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2120.5s	2120.5	 Tomata's asking a question about losses at Robin Hood. I know I was trying to deflect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2129.2s	2129.2	 We move on to the Delta variant because I'm supposed to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2132.6s	2132.6	 Hysterically afraid of getting kovat now because I've been vaccinated people keep talking about there's this Delta variant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2139.0s	2139.0	 It's spreading and then I'm hearing one set of information which is if you're vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2144.1s	2144.1	 It's not an issue and then other folks are going on TV saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2148.9s	2148.9	 This is gonna be like we're gonna have to put masks back on in California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2153.0s	2153.0	 I can't find any data about how many actual cases there are but according to the US CDC 46%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2160.4s	2160.4	 Of the total US population has been vaccinated now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2163.7s	2163.7	 And New York, New Jersey, California all well above 50% some people are in the 60% of adults 70% of adults
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2170.6s	2170.6	 Florida's still trailing but I can't and people are saying this is gonna become the dominant variant free break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2175.4s	2175.4	 How should we look at the Delta variant if you're vaccinated?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2178.6s	2178.6	 And then how should we look at it in terms of are we going to go through?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2182.9s	2182.9	 Mandatory masks again, which people are starting to signal already in certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2187.9s	2187.9	 Coastal cities. Yeah, so Trevor Bedford is a great guy to follow on this. He's a epidemiologist virologist who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2195.6s	2195.6	 Twitter on Twitter. Yeah TRV RB is his Twitter handle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2201.8s	2201.8	 And so he's aggregated much of good data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2203.5s	2203.5	 So there was a paper published two days ago out of the UK where they are trying to estimate the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2209.9s	2209.9	 You know the reproduction rate of the Delta variant and it looks like it's about 1.3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2215.7s	2215.7	 That means for every person that gets infected with the Delta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2219.0s	2219.0	 Variant of the SARS-CoV-2 virus one that's the are not you're talking about. That's that's yeah. Some people call are not yeah, and so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2225.9s	2225.9	 It turns out that you know that number is higher than what we saw with the original SARS-CoV-2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2230.6s	2230.6	 Which I think is probably closer to 1.1 or so and so, you know what that means is this variant is much more infectious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2237.5s	2237.5	 Right, it could spread through the air that the proteins could last in oxygen much longer and not degrade all these different reasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2243.9s	2243.9	 Why it might be kind of more infectious?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2246.2s	2246.2	 And there are some cases of people that have been vaccinated, but this is not the predominance of what we're seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2252.9s	2252.9	 That have tested positive for having this Delta variant but are having mild to moderate symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2257.5s	2257.5	 There aren't at this point a lot of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2259.7s	2259.7	 There's not a lot of data to indicate that this is actually kind of like a lethal risk or fatal risk to people that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2265.1s	2265.1	 Been vaccinated in case in fact that seems to be not true
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2268.7s	2268.7	 And one way that that data is kind of demonstrated right now is there was another analysis that was done where they showed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2274.6s	2274.6	 What is the reproduction rate of this variant based on what percentage of the population has been?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2281.1s	2281.1	 Vaccinated by state and they showed that you know for a state that's had maybe 30% of its population vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2287.5s	2287.5	 The are not as closer to 1.35
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2289.9s	2289.9	 When 60% of the state is vaccinated the are not is just at one and so there's this, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2295.9s	2295.9	 You know negatively correlated kind of relationship between how many people have been vaccinated and how much this variant is transmitting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2303.0s	2303.0	 And that makes intuitive sense right like if people are vaccinated, they're not gonna get infected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2306.5s	2306.5	 The virus isn't gonna hop from person to person to person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2309.5s	2309.5	 Now when you do the analysis of what percentage of the US population is unvaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2313.6s	2313.6	 And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2314.8s	2314.8	 How reproductive this virus is a lot of epidemiologists are saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2319.7s	2319.7	 that the models indicate that we could see up to 10% of the US population now get hit with this variant and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2325.9s	2325.9	 What we don't know is what percentage of people actually had, you know, SARS-CoV-2 in the first run around last year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2331.4s	2331.4	 But we are seeing this this variant pop up now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2333.7s	2333.7	 The fatality rate doesn't appear to be much higher than what we saw with SARS-CoV-2 the first time around and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2339.9s	2339.9	 And so there's no indication to say like hey, this is gonna be much more lethal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2343.1s	2343.1	 So when you combine those factors, it seems like at this point, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2346.3s	2346.3	 The death rates in the US are remaining flat and stable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2350.2s	2350.2	 While we are gonna see and may expect to see a continuing upsurge surge up in terms of the number of cases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2356.0s	2356.0	 Are we gonna require masks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2357.6s	2357.6	 This goes back to kind of my previous point about I think we've kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2360.7s	2360.7	 Normalized ourselves to masks and shutdowns and lockdowns and all the stuff that we did last year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2365.3s	2365.3	 Thinking that it had an effect a recent paper showed that lockdowns had no effect on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2369.2s	2369.2	 The reproduction rate in the United States because at the end of the day what if a government says lockdown or government says put masks on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2375.1s	2375.1	 People still have a tendency to do whatever the hell they want to do and at least in the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2379.3s	2379.3	 That is the case that is not the case likely in Asian countries where we did see an effect of lockdowns and masks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2384.7s	2384.7	 But in the United States these these restrictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2388.5s	2388.5	 Obviously had adverse economic effects, but didn't seem to have a strong epidemiological effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2393.8s	2393.8	 Based on a recent paper that I will share in this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2397.9s	2397.9	 So so what are we gonna do? I don't know. I feel like we've normalized math. We've normalized block that we've normalized these responses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2402.6s	2402.6	 But SARS-CoV-2 is gonna be here forever and it is gonna cycle through variants and that's the concern right there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2408.1s	2408.1	 Oh, let me make a prediction. I think that what at the end of this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2413.2s	2413.2	 what I think I have come to the conclusion of is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2418.3s	2418.3	 There was a lot of unknowns that got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2423.3s	2423.3	 Perverted into hysteria and mania by a handful of organizations to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2430.6s	2430.6	 sequester power and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2433.2s	2433.2	 What we realized is that these people were incompetent and they didn't know what they were doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2439.3s	2439.3	 because you ended up in the same place with all of these different distributions of actions and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2444.2s	2444.2	 So now I think when you have this other variant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2447.5s	2447.5	 I think there's a growing sensation by a lot of people not just Americans that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2452.3s	2452.3	 The CDC the WHO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2455.0s	2455.0	 Whoever it is is probably at best guessing and at worst making it up and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2460.9s	2460.9	 the ultimate result is there this it's almost as if they like being drunk with power and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2466.8s	2466.8	 So I think the last part of what you said Friedberg is what I really agree with which is that this is not going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2472.6s	2472.6	 tolerated anymore and the reason is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2475.9s	2475.9	 They are also politicizing science and what they're doing is when they don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2481.1s	2481.1	 They're making poor guesses in the name of science, which is just as bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2486.0s	2486.0	 So, you know, I don't know what's gonna happen with the Delta variant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2489.5s	2489.5	 maybe a lot maybe a little but as far as I can tell I think people are tired of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2495.8s	2495.8	 Uninformed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2497.8s	2497.8	 Impacts to their lives and they're not gonna put up with it anymore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2501.8s	2501.8	 Sax chances, California goes back to lockdowns or some sort of mask mandates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2507.4s	2507.4	 Well, well they are they're they're imposing mask mandates indoors in places like LA and you have the teachers unions the the national
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2515.8s	2515.8	 Education union is now putting down all these conditions of going back to school in the fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2522.8s	2522.8	 So I think you could be in a situation where we do not have they will call it school reopening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2527.8s	2527.8	 But we will not have five day a week in-person learning and the schools the public schools that have it are gonna have all sorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2534.0s	2534.0	 of insane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2535.3s	2535.3	 Restrictions and conditions like making kids who really aren't at risk for kovat even even the Delta variant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2541.8s	2541.8	 They're gonna force them to wear masks. They're gonna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2544.6s	2544.6	 Enforce this ridiculous social distancing. They're talking about making the kids who aren't vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2549.5s	2549.5	 Sit at a separate table like the outcasts. I mean it's insane what they're talking about doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2555.4s	2555.4	 Why is that insane David not to interrupt you but I'm just curious for how much it unpack that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2560.4s	2560.4	 Because so look I'm pro vaccine, you know, I think adults should get vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2565.6s	2565.6	 I don't think my kids need to get vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2567.7s	2567.7	 I don't think that is a wise policy to to force kids to get vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2573.1s	2573.1	 There are very low risk for getting the virus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2575.7s	2575.7	 They're very low risk for transmitting the virus if they get it and even if they get it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2579.5s	2579.5	 They're at almost no risk for it being harmful or you know to cause serious illness or death
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2586.3s	2586.3	 And so to impose all these restrictions on kids it's like we're living in a time warp, you know back to last summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2592.1s	2592.1	 We didn't know as much about the virus. I mean to Chumas point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2595.5s	2595.5	 They're imposing all these restrictions which are just unscientific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2599.4s	2599.4	 And it really seems like the real point is to create excuses for the teachers not to have to go back to work and you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2607.0s	2607.0	 You know a school system is borked when the truancy is on the part of the teachers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2612.2s	2612.2	 Not the students the students want to go back the teachers want to be truant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2616.8s	2616.8	 It's like they want to be on permanent vacation forever. It is a really broken system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2622.4s	2622.4	 By the way, let me just highlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2624.8s	2624.8	 You know to support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2626.5s	2626.5	 Uh the concern that I think people like sat like people that sax is kind of speaking to might be having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2633.4s	2633.4	 Um a research letter was published in the journal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2637.2s	2637.2	 of the american medalist medical association two days ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2640.6s	2640.6	 A lead researcher with a guy named harold walsh and this paper is going viral amongst kind of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2646.8s	2646.8	 You know the the scientific and medical community right now and what these guys did is they measured the carbon dioxide content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2653.9s	2653.9	 of children's lungs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2656.2s	2656.2	 From wearing masks and so they were trying to identify like is this a risk to children to actually be wearing masks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2662.8s	2662.8	 Health-wise and the results are pretty scary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2666.4s	2666.4	 It turns out that you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2668.5s	2668.5	 In in in air in in ambient air 0.07 percent by volume is carbon dioxide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2674.6s	2674.6	 When a normal and then they measure kids, you know, uh randomized control double blind, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2679.4s	2679.4	 Here's here. We're not double blind but randomized control. There's kids that have masks and kids that don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2683.5s	2683.5	 The kids that don't have masks their carbon dioxide when they exhale is about 0.28 percent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2690.4s	2690.4	 When you have to wear a surgical mask your carbon dioxide increases to 1.3 percent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2696.4s	2696.4	 Um, and uh, you know when they looked at this in a more detailed way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2700.0s	2700.0	 It turns out that it could be as high as 3.8 percent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2702.8s	2702.8	 And so this starts to reach a medical level that is concerning for doctors that having these kids wear masks for hours a day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2711.1s	2711.1	 Could actually be having an adverse health effect because it is increasing the carbon dioxide content of their blood because you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2717.2s	2717.2	 Their lungs aren't strong enough to breathe all this carbon dioxide out it builds up in their body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2721.2s	2721.2	 And so there is a now a counterpoint that is being made by scientists and doctors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2726.0s	2726.0	 That may be the benefit of the safety we might get from kids wearing masks and spreading the virus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2731.0s	2731.0	 is outweighed by the uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2734.0s	2734.0	 The cost of their health as a result of wearing these masks and to ask kids to wear masks for eight hours a day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2739.2s	2739.2	 Or five hours a day for nine months a year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2742.8s	2742.8	 We're just now waking up to the fact that there may actually be consequences to this and i'm not making a strong case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2747.2s	2747.2	 It's like it's like it's like child abuse so we sent our five-year-old to a summer camp in la, okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2752.8s	2752.8	 And the camp is outside and all the the adults are vaccinated. Okay, but they're making the kids wear masks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2759.3s	2759.3	 And it's no fun, you know, and they can't play sports the way they need to and we just said the hell with this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2765.3s	2765.3	 And we took them out now what I don't understand is why people aren't laying this at the feet of gavin newsome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2771.6s	2771.6	 This is 100 his order, you know, all he has to do is say listen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2775.6s	2775.6	 We don't need these rules anymore. It's kids it's outside and all the adults are vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2780.8s	2780.8	 What is the point of this and you know, and I think we have this recall election now that's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2786.3s	2786.3	 Scheduled for mid september, you know right now it looks like newson's going to cruise to to to winning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2792.7s	2792.7	 But if we had a candidate in california who could say listen, we need five day a week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2798.2s	2798.2	 In you know in-person schooling in the fall no exceptions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2802.8s	2802.8	 All the teachers need to go back to work or they're going to need to be looking for new jobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2806.5s	2806.5	 We're not going to kowtow and give in to all these unnecessary unscientific restrictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2811.8s	2811.8	 Okay, because newson will not make that guarantee. I think they could they could basically steal this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2817.3s	2817.3	 We don't have anyone standing up saying that and I think the closer we get to the start of school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2822.4s	2822.4	 If we don't have that kind of five day a week instruction, I think parents are going to be up in arms about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2828.1s	2828.1	 I think they will be and I think what we're going to prove is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2831.2s	2831.2	 None of these folks really know what they're talking about and so they will make it up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2835.6s	2835.6	 And someone will have some shred of evidence about something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2840.0s	2840.0	 On either side of any topic and all it'll do is obfuscating confuse and the end of it will be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2847.7s	2847.7	 somebody imposing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2849.6s	2849.6	 Something onto you that will have a negative impact on your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2853.7s	2853.7	 But for their benefit in the teachers for their benefit like I don't want to go back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2858.1s	2858.1	 There's I mean listen, I want to say all teachers don't want to go back to school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2860.4s	2860.4	 I know a lot of teachers want to go back to school and teach kids and take the masks off because it's insufferable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2865.7s	2865.7	 No, you I think you can say the union and separate it from teachers. Exactly. Yeah, I don't think it's all teachers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2871.7s	2871.7	 It's some percentage of teachers, but I think we're going to move david freeberg correct me if i'm wrong here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2877.0s	2877.0	 We're going to move to a two-class system here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2878.7s	2878.7	 If you're vaccinated you get one set of rules and if you're not vaccinated you get another and this is where david I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2884.5s	2884.5	 Kids who are over the age of 11 or 12 who do get vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2888.2s	2888.2	 They shouldn't have to wear a mask at school. But then well, sorry, can I just say something?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2891.7s	2891.7	 This is what the insanity of this thing is. It's like, okay, we're gonna throw around again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2895.5s	2895.5	 We're probably going to use the word equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2898.4s	2898.4	 When we make these new rules, but then fine. Why don't you just create a school?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2903.8s	2903.8	 That has everybody in it who is vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2907.2s	2907.2	 Well saxety, I don't even understand. I don't understand this because all of us are vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2912.0s	2912.0	 So are we don't need to worry about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2913.9s	2913.9	 So in other words, we're going to impose restrictions on people and force kids or whoever to get vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2920.4s	2920.4	 To protect whom if all the adults are vaccinated, we're not protecting anybody. All we're doing is protecting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2925.2s	2925.2	 I guess unvaccinated adults that makes no sense to me. Well, they're taking the risk, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2930.1s	2930.1	 I mean if you're choosing to not get the vaccine at this point freeberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2934.8s	2934.8	 You're taking some significant level of risk or some moderate level does the government have a responsibility to protect that person?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2942.1s	2942.1	 I don't think it matters. What I think matters is remember like the societal responsibility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2948.4s	2948.4	 Is not and cannot be to protect every individual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2951.9s	2951.9	 the societal responsibility is to make sure that society functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2956.0s	2956.0	 And um, and if we take a zoom back and I just want everyone to reset your brains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2960.8s	2960.8	 Go back to march of last year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2962.8s	2962.8	 And we were talking about the surge of deaths in hospitals and hospitals were going to be overwhelmed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2967.5s	2967.5	 And that was the reason we needed to go into lockdowns and the reason we needed to stop the surge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2972.7s	2972.7	 Even if this delta variant is highly infectious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2975.9s	2975.9	 There are enough people people vaccinated in the united states at this point that this delta variant is not going to crush our hospital system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2982.8s	2982.8	 It's not going to cause massive amount of fatalities, which is the reason we went into lockdowns in the first place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2988.1s	2988.1	 All of the concerns that we had last year that rationalized a lot of the extreme behavior that we undertook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2993.7s	2993.7	 No longer exists and we are now talking about continuing those those behaviors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=2999.0s	2999.0	 Under a different set of standards and the set of standards is now I can't put a teacher at risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3003.9s	3003.9	 I can't put an individual at risk and even if that individual got infected if the fatality rate is so low
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3009.4s	3009.4	 I can still say well, they could die. Therefore. I can't have them exposed right and and that has become the new standard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3015.2s	3015.2	 What I think saxon that that article kind of talked about is zeroism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3019.0s	3019.0	 You know you get to a point if you're if you're fighting a war on a battlefield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3023.2s	3023.2	 And you're like, well, I can't let any of my soldiers die. We can't move down the field
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3027.2s	3027.2	 You're not going to move down the field
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3028.8s	3028.8	 You're not going to win the war and i'm not saying that this is a war the point is society has to progress the economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3034.4s	3034.4	 Have to progress people's lives have to progress people have to be educated life is about progress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3039.6s	3039.6	 And if we halt progress because of the concern that any individual might get harmed because of the progress of the group as a whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3046.0s	3046.0	 We will not go anywhere and we've created a new set of standards that I think creates that very reality and it is frightening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3052.4s	3052.4	 Let me let me let me put a finer point on this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3055.3s	3055.3	 Which is just this coat this delta variant is just more covet fear porn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3060.8s	3060.8	 Okay, this is the third variant of concern where they've been, you know running around alarm saying that you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3067.2s	3067.2	 We have to worry. The truth is is it more transmissible?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3070.1s	3070.1	 Yes, it is going to I think sweep through areas of the country in the fall that aren't vaccinated. But the question is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3078.2s	3078.2	 How does it perform against the vaccines and so far the vaccines are holding up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3082.8s	3082.8	 The the variants none of the variants have really punched through the vaccines in a meaningful way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3087.6s	3087.6	 I think the stats on Pfizer were it's you know was it maybe reduced the effectiveness from 95% to 88%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3094.4s	3094.4	 Or something like that, but it wasn't a material difference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3096.8s	3096.8	 If you are double vax with Pfizer you are protected against the delta variant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3101.5s	3101.5	 And so this is just more fear porn that they keep pumping. I'm agree. I'm in agreement with you and I think this reminds me of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3108.2s	3108.2	 When we were growing up in the 80s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3110.2s	3110.2	 They tried to scare us about sex and hiv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3114.1s	3114.1	 And were you not going to have sex if you were in your 20s in the 90s and into the 80s?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3120.6s	3120.6	 No, you learned about hiv. You learned to use condoms. You learned that you probably couldn't do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3126.4s	3126.4	 Uh, you know what people did in the 60s and 70s which had many many partners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3130.0s	3130.0	 You maybe had to have fewer partners maybe longer term partners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3132.7s	3132.7	 But you you could you could take your own risk by putting on a condom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3136.6s	3136.6	 You could make that decision for yourself here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3138.7s	3138.7	 I think there's a group of people who don't want anybody to make any decisions for themselves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3142.3s	3142.3	 And in this case the vaccine is wearing a condom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3145.5s	3145.5	 If you're wearing a condom like your chance of getting hiv go down dramatically is just a known fact and we're at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3152.4s	3152.4	 263 people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3154.3s	3154.3	 On average dying a day. How many of those Friedberg do you think are with covid versus?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3160.0s	3160.0	 From covid if you had to take a guess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3162.7s	3162.7	 I have always I I hate doing this because then people think it's like an inhuman analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3166.7s	3166.7	 But the way that actuaries or economists would kind of take a look at this sort of decision tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3172.0s	3172.0	 And this sort of data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3173.6s	3173.6	 Is the number of life years lost?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3176.3s	3176.3	 Okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3177.4s	3177.4	 So imagine someone is going to die tomorrow if someone's going to die tomorrow and they catch covid today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3182.8s	3182.8	 And they die a day early you have lost a life day and everyone yes, that is absolutely devastating and it is awful emotionally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3189.3s	3189.3	 But like when we're making big decisions, we have to think with the data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3193.1s	3193.1	 And so if someone catches covid and they and they lose five years and they die five years early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3198.1s	3198.1	 Then they statistically would have died. That's five life years lost when a child dies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3202.9s	3202.9	 You are losing 68 life years, right? That is an incredible loss of life is one is one way to kind of think about this statistically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3209.7s	3209.7	 and so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3210.9s	3210.9	 You know part of I think what's been missing in the equation and it's easy to tell the narrative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3215.8s	3215.8	 By speaking about people that have dead that have died that tested positive for covid when they died
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3221.0s	3221.0	 Is it now speaks to the fact that this is a binary experience and there's a binary number of lives lost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3226.8s	3226.8	 But the statistical the data driven exercise which may sound inhuman and may sound awful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3231.5s	3231.5	 But again, we have to make these decisions using data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3234.2s	3234.2	 If we're going to make large decisions that are going to impact everyone in a meaningful way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3237.8s	3237.8	 Is to look at the number of life years lost and I think if you were to do that you would still find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3243.1s	3243.1	 That the vast majority of deaths associated with covid are very elderly people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3247.7s	3247.7	 Who are already very close to dying and that's why we are seeing the fatality rates so low right now in the united states
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3253.2s	3253.2	 Even though covid is still spreading with the delta variant. It is because almost 90 percent of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3259.2s	3259.2	 Over 70 have been vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3261.5s	3261.5	 And as a result the people that are most at risk of dying are well protected and we are not seeing a significant loss of life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3267.6s	3267.6	 Associated with this terrible virus the terrible virus is still spreading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3270.9s	3270.9	 But the life loss is still not there now someone might raise their hand and say well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3273.7s	3273.7	 We don't know the long-term implications long-term ramifications long-haul covid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3277.5s	3277.5	 Yeah, I would raise my other hand and say show me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3280.4s	3280.4	 What the data is that says that there are those long-term implications ramifications because I can say the what ifs about anything and then implement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3287.4s	3287.4	 Any policy decision I want by just saying what if and we don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3290.9s	3290.9	 We have to say we do know here's the data in order to make a tough decision versus saying we need to be you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3296.8s	3296.8	 protective and use the protective, you know, uh principle of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3300.2s	3300.2	 um
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3301.2s	3301.2	 Of precaution or the precautionary principle and be really careful in these circumstances
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3305.2s	3305.2	 Uh because at this point the impact and the damage associated with some of our practices to quote-unquote guard against covid and and you know protect people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3314.0s	3314.0	 It's turning out there are real consequences to those decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3316.9s	3316.9	 All right, freeberg final question on covid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3319.6s	3319.6	 Should you wear two condoms in other words?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3322.0s	3322.0	 Should you get materna and Pfizer or j&j and Pfizer there are studies coming out now to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3328.0s	3328.0	 One plus one equals three there is some super effect of getting two i'm looking into this i'm thinking i'm going to get a second
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3335.3s	3335.3	 Vaccine, uh, i might get to get a moderna or a Pfizer or j&j just don't get a j&j. Don't wait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3340.2s	3340.2	 Don't waste the vaccine shots. Let them go to other countries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3343.5s	3343.5	 You know not needed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3345.3s	3345.3	 Not needed even though the studies are starting to show it gives you increased
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3349.6s	3349.6	 I mean, do you need your test? Do you need your tesla to go from 180 to 185 miles an hour? I mean like, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3355.2s	3355.2	 That's a good point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3356.0s	3356.0	 I mean look everything we learn about the vaccines makes them look better and better the protection lasts longer than we thought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3362.7s	3362.7	 the um
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3363.6s	3363.6	 They're more effective against variants than people were afraid of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3367.6s	3367.6	 And now we learn that there is even more protection by sort of this mix and match idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3372.0s	3372.0	 So the vaccines have worked there are still I think a couple of groups in america that are very vaccine hesitant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3378.5s	3378.5	 um
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3379.5s	3379.5	 evangelicals and african americans are the two groups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3383.0s	3383.0	 I thought it was male republicans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3385.2s	3385.2	 It's it's more like evangelicals. And so in a place like mississippi where you have large numbers of both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3390.5s	3390.5	 The vaccine rate's only like 29 30. It's actually pretty low in a place like that. You could see the delta variant sweep through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3398.7s	3398.7	 In the fall and you could see a lot of cases. I you know, let me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3402.7s	3402.7	 Let me buck your labeling categorization of me jacob
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3406.4s	3406.4	 I was ready to say it by saying that I don't think the leaders on the right are doing anyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3412.0s	3412.0	 Any favors any other voters any favors by not coming out and saying look the vaccines work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3417.6s	3417.6	 You know, I think trump could do a lot of good by coming out and just saying listen. I got the vaccine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3422.0s	3422.0	 I'm pretty sure he did right he did he did and so, you know, I think if you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3428.0s	3428.0	 In one of those groups, you know, it's certainly you're over like 40. You should be getting the vaccine. I mean they work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3434.3s	3434.3	 Not to harp on this, but what did trump say when you suggested he come out publicly about it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3438.4s	3438.4	 I mean nobody's listening to me nobody's no, it's fine. Nobody's listening to me, obviously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3445.1s	3445.1	 I mean it is very weird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3448.2s	3448.2	 that trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3450.7s	3450.7	 Spent massive amounts of money on the vaccine and now doesn't want to take credit for project light speed by telling everybody to get it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3458.1s	3458.1	 I think he's got a lot of other issues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3460.1s	3460.1	 I think he's got a lot of other issues on the plate to deal with including an indictment that just landed yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3464.8s	3464.8	 So maybe you know, maybe he just doesn't know what to focus on because he he sees his uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3470.5s	3470.5	 His budding empire unraveling before him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3472.9s	3472.9	 Did you see the report that said that trump was extremely thrilled by the fact that his cfo was indicted?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3479.3s	3479.3	 For two reasons one is it kind of um indicates and they didn't have enough to go after him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3484.6s	3484.6	 And two is it's going to make joe biden look bad and his administration look bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3489.2s	3489.2	 Uh because it looks like they're being kind of prosecuted and persecuted now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3493.0s	3493.0	 But that he views this as a positive and it and it and he's thinking about it as a way to kind of stage a 2024
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3498.3s	3498.3	 run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3499.3s	3499.3	 Well, I didn't I didn't see that particular story, but I do think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3504.0s	3504.0	 Maggie Haberman tweeted it. Okay. Okay. Well what the charges show I think is that they got nothing on trump directly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3510.6s	3510.6	 Um, I mean this turned out to be a big nothing burger after years of investigation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3515.9s	3515.9	 Just like the whole russia thing and so it's like 15 felony counts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3520.2s	3520.2	 Is of nothing but jason justin not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3523.1s	3523.1	 Let's finish this point trump was not let me finish trump trump was not named they didn't get close to trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3528.7s	3528.7	 All they got was they're trying to charge uh, weselheim who's a cfo with basically receiving certain perks as compensation t&e
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3535.7s	3535.7	 It was t&e violations. It was crazy. Yeah, this is penny anny stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3539.6s	3539.6	 It does look like persecution rather than prosecution and what they're trying to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3544.6s	3544.6	 Is they're going after this guy weselheim to squeeze him to try and roll over on trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3549.2s	3549.2	 Well, good luck with that. That's about as likely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3552.0s	3552.0	 To happen as uh putin releasing the p-tapes not gonna happen. Sorry jacob
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3556.7s	3556.7	 Trump is getting away. The one thing I would say I think that I disagree with respectfully is um
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3563.3s	3563.3	 This is a 15 year, uh tax avoidance scheme that included more than t&e included people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3570.0s	3570.0	 Getting their tuition paid for for free and free apartments. So the equivalent would be and then hold on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3575.6s	3575.6	 They then knowingly did this and changed the books knowingly so they caught them going into their accounting and changing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3582.4s	3582.4	 To hide it and so the cover-up worse than the crime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3585.2s	3585.2	 This is an explicit way to not pay their taxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3587.9s	3587.9	 This would be if all of us took our personal residences and our kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3592.3s	3592.3	 And didn't pay taxes on it's it's significant. Jason. So the total amount for example that this guy got in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3599.0s	3599.0	 Uh tuition reimbursements over this 15 year period was about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3602.6s	3602.6	 375 thousand dollars the total amount of some other rent perks that he got was for about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3609.4s	3609.4	 1.6 or 7 million dollars the total amount of value that I think his son got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3614.1s	3614.1	 You know was spending a thousand dollars a month in a trump-owned apartment when you add it all up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3619.5s	3619.5	 For a guy that was accused of you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3622.7s	3622.7	 Being in cahoots with russia this and that and everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3627.1s	3627.1	 You pinch the cfo for a few million dollars of effectively again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3632.0s	3632.0	 T&E let's just say that he did it, you know, some of these checks came directly from trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3637.2s	3637.2	 It I think I agree with david. It's a bit of a nothing burger and it really does look like it's politically motivated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3643.8s	3643.8	 and the reason is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3645.8s	3645.8	 These kinds of chargers are typically not brought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3648.9s	3648.9	 These are things that typically result in a civil penalty or restatement and you just kind of move on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3654.1s	3654.1	 You know nobody nobody's trying to send somebody to jail for you know, getting for miscategorizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3660.4s	3660.4	 I have a theory because we don't have full information and they weren't investigating this stuff before trump became a politician
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3665.7s	3665.7	 Why weren't what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3667.2s	3667.2	 This if this has been going on for 15 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3669.0s	3669.0	 Why didn't this investigation happen five six seven years ago? I could tell you why his um
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3674.5s	3674.5	 the daughter in law of weisselbergs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3678.2s	3678.2	 uh was uh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3680.6s	3680.6	 Received a lot of these perks and then she dropped a dime and gave all the documents to them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3684.7s	3684.7	 My theory on this is because we don't have complete information yet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3687.9s	3687.9	 I think that they have other I think they have this bigger tax, uh, uh case around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3693.8s	3693.8	 making the assets look, um smaller when paying taxes and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3699.1s	3699.1	 Inflating the value of the assets when getting loans and I think they want to get that and the way to get that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3704.7s	3704.7	 Is to flip weisselberg because trump does not use email and communications. I think that that's what's going on here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3710.6s	3710.6	 Um, but yes, you're right. They're trying to they're trying to flip him look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3714.4s	3714.4	 The the kgb had a saying show us the man will tell you the crime, okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3719.4s	3719.4	 They decided we're gonna go after trump. This is entirely political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3722.9s	3722.9	 They weren't interested in him five six seven years ago. Once he got into politics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3727.0s	3727.0	 They became interested in him. He became the man and now they are trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3731.0s	3731.0	 Roll up and flip all these people and try to get them to turn on trump and give them something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3735.4s	3735.4	 These democratic pitbull prosecutors they are going to make trump look like the victim here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3739.6s	3739.6	 This will rebound I think in a negative way it is a really stupid thing that they're doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3743.9s	3743.9	 I mean this this could have happened in so many different ways
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3747.6s	3747.6	 The guy was finished and washed up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3750.8s	3750.8	 Right. He was in his little hovel in florida, you know twitter account, you know in the one no twitter account
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3756.6s	3756.6	 No access to his base. Um, the one time he actually showed up in new york two or three weeks ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3761.7s	3761.7	 I don't know if you guys saw the photos. He looked so disheveled so old so broken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3765.7s	3765.7	 I mean you can let the guy wither into obscurity but instead you pin these charges you create an entire press cycle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3774.6s	3774.6	 You're going to rally so many people on the right and actually a lot of people in general who feel like wait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3779.3s	3779.3	 What are we doing as a country? Why don't we just let it just be done with this guy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3783.3s	3783.3	 I don't ever want to hear about him ever again. And instead we're kind of like bringing it all back front center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3789.8s	3789.8	 I just think it's a bad look. What do you think about the insurrection commission? Do you think that that should um,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3795.5s	3795.5	 Should be disbanded as well. Chumak because you think that should that should be pursued
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3800.1s	3800.1	 Yeah, because that's not necessarily about trump that it is about a whole totality of things that really will lead into the fact that we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3808.9s	3808.9	 A lot of far-right organizations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3812.5s	3812.5	 That need to be understood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3814.5s	3814.5	 We have one far left organization that needs to be understood all in the same light, which is that these folks are destabilizing force to democracy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3823.0s	3823.0	 And so yeah, you got to get to the bottom of what the hell happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3827.8s	3827.8	 sex do you do you think the insurrection commission is going to be equally kind of politically motivating for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3832.8s	3832.8	 Uh for trump's face and for folks like that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3835.5s	3835.5	 Well, I just think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3837.3s	3837.3	 You have to decide as a country whether you're going to keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3840.9s	3840.9	 Re-litigating, you know what happened in the previous administration? I mean if we're going to go back and keep this going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3846.6s	3846.6	 You know, we're going to go back and look at why did the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3849.7s	3849.7	 FBI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3851.0s	3851.0	 Use the steel dossier to go to a fisa court to spy on members of the trump campaign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3857.2s	3857.2	 And there are 17 misrepresentations in their uh in their petition to the fisa court
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3862.7s	3862.7	 I mean there was clear misconduct there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3864.2s	3864.2	 We're going to go back and re-litigate that and go after people and punish them. Look, maybe we should okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3870.0s	3870.0	 But I think that this is the thing about politics. Everyone just wants to move forward. We're in a new administration now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3875.8s	3875.8	 Whatever misconduct occurred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3877.9s	3877.9	 I think the punishment was paid at the ballot box. I think it's just time to move on and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3883.1s	3883.1	 I agree with that and I look I know there's gonna be a lot of partisans on both sides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3887.6s	3887.6	 Who just want to go re-litigate and punish their enemies forever?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3891.0s	3891.0	 But you know, I think the american people just want to move forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3895.2s	3895.2	 Yeah, what do you in the far what do you in the far left want to do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3898.2s	3898.2	 Well, i'm not on the far left. I mean, I I think that there is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3901.3s	3901.3	 I do think that there is a bunch of gamesmanship here. I think this is a a chessboard that on the left
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3907.9s	3907.9	 They're saying if we we if we have a chance to take trump out of political life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3915.1s	3915.1	 We need to do that because the cost of him getting re-elected in 2024 is too great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3921.1s	3921.1	 And so what we're talking about here is you know, what is the best path to doing that and you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3926.7s	3926.7	 Chamath's right like just letting him fade into obscurity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3929.0s	3929.0	 He may not want to run again because he's so old and it's so painful to be president for him. He's 75
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3934.3s	3934.3	 I mean, he's going to be 78 or no 70. He'd be the same age as biden going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3939.0s	3939.0	 I mean this this is ridiculous. Both of these two guys are one-term presidents. I think that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3944.7s	3944.7	 Abundantly clear. I think the question is what is biden's transition plan?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3949.1s	3949.1	 You know, does he actually only stay two years and transitions it to kamala?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3953.0s	3953.0	 I don't know, but there's no way that he's running for a second term either. He does not look healthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3958.9s	3958.9	 I think that much is at least and i'm saying this as you know, a centrist democrat. He doesn't look completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3965.6s	3965.6	 fit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3966.5s	3966.5	 Um, and it's only going to get worse and this is the most incredibly stressful job in the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3971.6s	3971.6	 Neither of these two guys are our long-term solution. It's time to let it all go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3977.8s	3977.8	 Right. It's like we had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3980.2s	3980.2	 Four years of just chaos. We now get to have four years to catch our breath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3986.4s	3986.4	 it's time to find the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3988.8s	3988.8	 late 40s to mid 50s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3991.3s	3991.3	 Centrist normal people again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3994.1s	3994.1	 And we have three years to do it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3995.9s	3995.9	 Who do you think that is on the republican side and tomorrow?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=3999.1s	3999.1	 Who do you think it is on the democrat side? Who's going to run for the next election cycle?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4002.6s	4002.6	 Because just this morning by the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4004.6s	4004.6	 An article came out that highlighted that several insiders in the white house are completely like up in arms about how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4012.7s	4012.7	 chaotic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4014.5s	4014.5	 Kamala harris's office is which is basically a way of starting to shoot her down, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4018.9s	4018.9	 So if you think about the the motivation here someone in the white house is starting to shoot kamala harris down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4023.8s	4023.8	 Which means they're starting to weaken her a little bit in terms of whether she could actually be a good replacement for the next term
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4029.5s	4029.5	 I don't know if that's truly the motivation, but that's typically what these sorts of stories indicate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4034.0s	4034.0	 So if not her if not her who on the democrat side and you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4038.7s	4038.7	 If not trump who on the republican side in the next election cycle because those folks are going to start to pop their head up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4043.3s	4043.3	 Right the well, I mean, I think I think the person who has enough credibility to take a shot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4050.8s	4050.8	 It's not clear that she will but if she did she would be really serious and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4055.7s	4055.7	 She could actually get people to be relatively normal as nicky haley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4059.3s	4059.3	 On the right but ron de santos is going to be the right candidate, correct?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4063.0s	4063.0	 And she's kind of normal. De santos is definitely the early front runner. Um
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4067.9s	4067.9	 There was a straw poll in which he was the first republican to actually run ahead of trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4073.1s	4073.1	 In a straw poll for what four or five years?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4076.1s	4076.1	 And uh, so yeah, it looks like uh, he now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4079.7s	4079.7	 He's running for reelection in florida in 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4084.3s	4084.3	 2022 so that's on his plate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4087.5s	4087.5	 But I think it looks like he's going to sweep to victory. He made the right decisions on lockdowns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4092.5s	4092.5	 This is the central feather in his cap that before any other governor really he looked at the data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4099.2s	4099.2	 Saw that to freeberg's point lockdowns don't make a difference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4103.2s	4103.2	 He went back to normal the state benefited you look at per capita covid deaths in florida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4108.1s	4108.1	 It's middle of the pack, um, which is actually a really good result given how many old people they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4113.3s	4113.3	 So he did a phenomenal job. I think setting covid policy in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4117.8s	4117.8	 Florida and he did it in the face of a hostile media that was just tearing him limb from limb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4123.5s	4123.5	 And so he showed that he only can find the right policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4127.3s	4127.3	 But that he's got the spine to stand up for it. And I think as a result of that. Yeah, he has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4133.9s	4133.9	 Galvanized early the republican base
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4137.2s	4137.2	 if he wins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4138.6s	4138.6	 Re-election in 2022 by a by a strong margin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4141.8s	4141.8	 I think he does become the putative front runner for 2024 very similar in a way. I think to the way that that george w bush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4149.0s	4149.0	 You know, he he basically won
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4151.6s	4151.6	 Re-election in texas two years before he ran for president and on the heels of that victory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4156.0s	4156.0	 He was able to make the case look I just got re-elected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4159.3s	4159.3	 I'm very popular in a huge state of the country. You know, I should be the front runner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4163.8s	4163.8	 I think desantis in a similar position. What do you think about nicky haley sex?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4168.2s	4168.2	 I think nicky haley is sort of popular with the establishment wing of the republican party, but she does not bring together both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4176.2s	4176.2	 the the sort of the establishment wing with the populist wing and what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4180.0s	4180.0	 desantis has been able to do is get the business republicans and the establishment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4185.3s	4185.3	 Republicans to get behind him as well as the populist trump base loves him and that's that's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4192.6s	4192.6	 That's the combo you got to have I think to win the republican nomination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4196.2s	4196.2	 And so nicky haley, I think you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4199.1s	4199.1	 Everybody who sort of reads elite media is going to over index on her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4204.1s	4204.1	 But if you go to the the straw polls and the rallies, she's not just not going to perform in those polls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4209.7s	4209.7	 There was a very interesting article in politico though over the past week about how desantis is being very careful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4215.7s	4215.7	 Not to do anything to upset trump and I think he understands you see the vp candidate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4221.7s	4221.7	 With trump you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4223.2s	4223.2	 Well that that that pre assumes a lot of things happening. I mean look we don't know what's going to happen. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4229.4s	4229.4	 You know the the number one way to resurrect trump is what jamath said is to keep poking that bear to fill him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4236.6s	4236.6	 with the the the rage to to sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4240.2s	4240.2	 Counterpunch and come back. I think it would be better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4243.0s	4243.0	 However for a new generation of leaders to look we have we're being run by a gerontocracy right now. So I mean just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4250.8s	4250.8	 Biden is 78 pelosi is 80 schumer is 77
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4255.4s	4255.4	 McConnell is 80 and trump is 75 and that's today. Okay in 2024
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4260.4s	4260.4	 All those people are going to be in their 80s or just about who will even be alive. I mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4265.0s	4265.0	 Feinstein will be 91 or 92. It's time to have a new generation in both parties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4270.0s	4270.0	 Why are we being run by this gerontocracy? What a joke. Do we want to move on to the drought and impending?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4276.6s	4276.6	 death and or the facebook fdc dismissal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4280.2s	4280.2	 Oh, that was incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4282.0s	4282.0	 and also at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4283.5s	4283.5	 Fdc got two gut punches in a row
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4286.8s	4286.8	 And then you know amazon writes this petition to recuse lena kahn. It's like that's why she was hired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4293.0s	4293.0	 Incredible. She was hired because she's an expert on amazon the the amazon the amazon letter was actually extremely well written and basically said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4300.5s	4300.5	 I know that she's in charge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4302.6s	4302.6	 Of basically finding fairness and fairness seems to be that we will get legislated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4307.1s	4307.1	 But we believe that it's unfair to us. So please take her out of the mix. I just think it was fantastic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4312.8s	4312.8	 I mean, it's incredible. It's like isn't this the point of having her in the job?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4316.7s	4316.7	 It's like we've hired a new prosecutor who specializes in organized crime and the gambino crime family has petitioned to have them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4323.6s	4323.6	 Exactly recuse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4327.9s	4327.9	 Right their their argument is that she should be recused because she published um articles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4333.2s	4333.2	 Yeah, that amazon should be broken up and they're saying she's already prejudged the situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4337.0s	4337.0	 There's no way this is gonna fly. There's no way she's gonna get recused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4341.5s	4341.5	 But I think what they're trying to do is put an argument on appeal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4345.7s	4345.7	 So that if lena kahn does break them up somehow they can then go appeal to the Supreme Court or wherever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4351.8s	4351.8	 And and this is basically reserving an argument they can make later. So just to highlight the ftc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4358.6s	4358.6	 Brought this case against facebook saying that they're a monopoly and their monopolistic practices are damaging the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4365.1s	4365.1	 The dc federal court throughout the case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4368.0s	4368.0	 And they basically said that the ftc failed to demonstrate in any way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4372.6s	4372.6	 That facebook has a monopoly over anything because they kept using the 60 market share term and they're like 60 percent what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4379.3s	4379.3	 And the ftc was never able to give them data or facts to indicate what facebook has a 60 percent share of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4386.7s	4386.7	 There are other social media services. There are other advertising platforms. There are other content sites that are all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4392.4s	4392.4	 In aggregate much larger than facebook and so the case was dismissed because there was no demonstration at all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4398.6s	4398.6	 Yeah, which is why lena kahn is of the traditional definition of a monopoly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4402.7s	4402.7	 And then elizabeth warren comes out two days ago and says we need to rewrite the laws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4407.2s	4407.2	 Uh, the antitrust laws entirely redefine what it means to be a monopoly redefine what this this impacts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4412.8s	4412.8	 And so I think the big question is how much of a priority is it going to be for this administration and for this congress before?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4418.4s	4418.4	 They're out of session and and we end up with a split congress again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4421.7s	4421.7	 To step up and rewrite antitrust laws at this point. Is this really a high priority quest?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4426.9s	4426.9	 Or is it going to get overruled? That's why lena kahn is being brought in is to take another approach like we talked about on the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4432.8s	4432.8	 episode which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4434.2s	4434.2	 you know the harm is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4436.2s	4436.2	 competition, uh and not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4439.3s	4439.3	 Uh the monopolistic power but downstream competition as chamath, uh eloquently explained on the last pod the irony of the elizabeth warren
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4447.0s	4447.0	 Uh statements whereas that she released them on twitter not her facebook somebody dug that or like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4452.6s	4452.6	 She's talking about the monopolistic powers of facebook on twitter, right? Right. You have an alternative. What's the point?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4458.6s	4458.6	 Um, can I I i'd say i mean how big of how big of a like legislative priority is this going to be for democrats?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4465.8s	4465.8	 Because this could be really if they rewrite the laws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4468.9s	4468.9	 It could be impactful to amazon apple facebook, you know, everyone huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4472.7s	4472.7	 It's a huge priority
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4473.8s	4473.8	 There's six bills that just got passed in the house is going to the senate and I do think moving fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4478.0s	4478.0	 This is one of the areas where you could actually get some bipartisan agreement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4482.6s	4482.6	 In the senate, you remember it's a 50 50 senate all it would take would be a few democrats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4486.7s	4486.7	 To defect and they wouldn't be able to pass anything but you got 21 republicans who supported lena kahn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4493.3s	4493.3	 So, you know that says to me that legislation is likely. I think it's going to go through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4499.4s	4499.4	 I think we are going to see some some big changes and in fairness lena kahn this fdc lawsuit that got thrown out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4506.2s	4506.2	 Was brought before she got there. She didn't have a chance to shape those arguments. They have 30 days to refile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4512.0s	4512.0	 It'll be really interesting to see how she handles this hot potato now whether she brings the lawsuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4519.2s	4519.2	 in a different way in the next 30 days or whether she lets it drop but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4523.4s	4523.4	 I do think that of all the big tech companies the argument for breaking up facebook is the weakest because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4529.3s	4529.3	 It's true like it's it's harder to say definitively. They have a monopoly in social networking when you've got twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4535.6s	4535.6	 You've got snapchat. You've got reddit. You've got linkedin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4539.8s	4539.8	 You've got linkedin you've got so many other companies in social media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4542.8s	4542.8	 But but that does not mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4545.1s	4545.1	 That the argument against amazon google and apple isn't strong. Those companies are clearly monopolies or duopolies in their spaces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4552.6s	4552.6	 Nobody can effectively compete with them their network effects or monopoly scale effects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4557.2s	4557.2	 I think that facebook's monopolistic impact probably tends towards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4561.9s	4561.9	 some form of information distribution, but it's a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4565.0s	4565.0	 Technical argument that has to be framed accurately on the one side or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4569.0s	4569.0	 It's how they've aggregated long-tail advertisers on the other but to your point david on the idea of social networking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4574.5s	4574.5	 I don't think they're a monopoly in the least also they're re litigating the approved acquisitions of instagram and whatsapp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4580.5s	4580.5	 I kind of feel like if you bought these things and you approved it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4584.3s	4584.3	 What is it nine years ago and seven years ago like reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4587.8s	4587.8	 Yeah, they said they said if you guys had an issue that you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4589.8s	4589.8	 The state's attorney general that filed the suit against the instagram acquisition and whatsapp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4594.6s	4594.6	 They're like if you had an issue with it, you should have filed the suit years ago. You waited too long
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4598.3s	4598.3	 And clearly there's you know, uh, you know other motivations like just because google was successful buying youtube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4603.4s	4603.4	 Doesn't mean you can go back in and unwind youtube because they did a great job building youtube 99.999% of youtube success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4610.5s	4610.5	 Is because of google not because of youtube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4613.5s	4613.5	 They took a small team and they rebuilt that whole thing and they scaled the heck out of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4617.4s	4617.4	 Let me ask you a question to sax if these companies paid more taxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4621.3s	4621.3	 And got out of the censorship business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4624.6s	4624.6	 Do you think they could you know, maybe take a little wind out of the sales of these?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4629.3s	4629.3	 Yeah, of course look the only reason the only reason those 21 republicans have now gotten on board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4634.2s	4634.2	 With regulating the power of these big tech companies is they see those big tech companies using their gatekeeper power to restrict free speech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4641.8s	4641.8	 And it's all one-sided and as partisan against, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4645.2s	4645.2	 Their side of the aisle because these companies are populated generally speaking by people on the other side of the aisle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4651.4s	4651.4	 And so, you know big tech if they had just reigned in their own impulses to want to censor the other side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4657.5s	4657.5	 They would not be in the hot water. They're in right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4659.6s	4659.6	 They can they unravel that now because it seems like facebook is starting to backtrack on the trump ban
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4665.0s	4665.0	 Well, they haven't twitter and I think I think they got a big problem now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4668.8s	4668.8	 No, look, I think they should have been doing this over the last couple years the cats out of the bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4672.8s	4672.8	 What they thought could never happen all of a sudden became arbitrary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4676.2s	4676.2	 And the thing that they did was they started to legislate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4679.9s	4679.9	 A private company started to legislate power and that's just a third rail issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4685.4s	4685.4	 The minute you do that, you have every government in the world saying to yourself saying to themselves. Wait a minute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4690.5s	4690.5	 I am only focused on this one thing, right? I don't take a huge salary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4695.0s	4695.0	 I've been grinding at the low levels of politics for 40 50 years to get to this exact place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4700.4s	4700.4	 And now I have a bunch of hipsters in menlo park telling me what I can and can't say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4705.7s	4705.7	 To the people that I worked a lifetime to basically be able to govern over. I mean, I you know, yeah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4711.6s	4711.6	 It can't it can't stand. Yeah, so I think a big mistake that zuckerberg made goes all the way back to 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4717.8s	4717.8	 Facebook basically bought into the disinformation argument. They apologized for it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4722.7s	4722.7	 What zuck that was the time for zuckerberg to fight he should have said no listen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4727.8s	4727.8	 Was the fsb were these bad actors on facebook? Yes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4730.7s	4730.7	 But when you look at the total number of impressions and page views it was like a drop of water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4735.5s	4735.5	 In the ocean. We're not the ones who caused this election to go the way it did obama used facebook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4741.8s	4741.8	 Very effectively in 2008 and nobody had a problem with us then and that was the time to fight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4747.4s	4747.4	 That was the time to fight and to your point david. He actually should have been even more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4751.5s	4751.5	 He said the reason trump got elected was not me, but it was obama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4756.0s	4756.0	 You know, he could have really gone on the attack and he would have done himself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4760.3s	4760.3	 Hillary just ran a bad campaign if hillary had just campaigned in wisconsin. It would have gone a different way in 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4766.4s	4766.4	 So what zuck should have she had an idiot team. She had an idiot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4769.1s	4769.1	 She had a terrible team and they were bad at everything including facebook including everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4773.5s	4773.5	 They were bad at social media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4775.0s	4775.0	 So zuck should have said listen don't blame us for the fact the campaign was bad at social media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4780.1s	4780.1	 They put victory into the jaws of defeat. Uh, let's uh end on this u.s sprinter case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4784.8s	4784.8	 I think it's super interesting u.s sprinter shot. It's unbelievable richardson test positive for marijuana and it's suspended a month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4791.8s	4791.8	 Putting her tokyo olympics in doubt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4794.2s	4794.2	 Uh, she is the gold medal favorite in the women's 100 meter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4798.4s	4798.4	 And she could miss the games after testing positive positive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4801.0s	4801.0	 She said she smoked pot when she found out in oregon legally when she found out her mom had died
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4807.8s	4807.8	 Um, and it's on the united states anti-doping agency announced this result on friday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4816.4s	4816.4	 Her explanation is so fucking heartbreaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4820.2s	4820.2	 I mean, what are we doing here? This makes no sense change this decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4823.3s	4823.3	 Well, there was there was this is similar to the golfer who was about to win the pga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4827.9s	4827.9	 And got kicked out on the final day because he tested positive for covet without any symptoms and an outdoors. He's outside guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4834.0s	4834.0	 Put a mask on let him finish. I cannot imagine a worse drug for a sprinter than marijuana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4841.0s	4841.0	 Yeah, I mean for healing great, but it's I mean you're gonna run the 100 meter and stop for a cheeseburger. You're gonna take a nap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4847.5s	4847.5	 It's not a it's not a performance enhancing drug. What this is is this legalism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4852.0s	4852.0	 These bureaucratic legalistic technicalities gone wild in this case or this runner in the case of the golfer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4858.4s	4858.4	 I mean, it's like it's like the bureaucrats enforcing the rules have completely lost sight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4863.3s	4863.3	 Of what the purpose of these rules are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4866.0s	4866.0	 The spirit of the rule is super important. Um, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4869.9s	4869.9	 There was a professional snowboarder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4873.7s	4873.7	 And his name was ross
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4876.2s	4876.2	 Rabaglotti from canada and he wanted a medal and they took his medal away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4882.4s	4882.4	 Uh because he had thc in his system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4886.3s	4886.3	 And qualified him and then they went back and gave him his medal back. I believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4890.6s	4890.6	 And so this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4893.4s	4893.4	 Heartbreaking and ridiculous and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4895.6s	4895.6	 I i'm not going to watch the i love watching the olympics. I watch a lot of the olympics. I really enjoy it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4900.8s	4900.8	 Um, I think it's awesome and i'm just not going to watch this this year. Fuck it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4904.1s	4904.1	 I just i'm so offended by this like you want these people to take like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4908.9s	4908.9	 Opioids for their pain uh and suffering or you want to take some anti-depressant? I mean, Jesus Christ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4914.8s	4914.8	 Jason look, I'll also say like in in our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4917.8s	4917.8	 In our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4919.0s	4919.0	 Friend group we have a handful of nba players and I don't I don't think you remember this conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4924.5s	4924.5	 Maybe you do. I think we were all together when they talked about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4929.5s	4929.5	 up until
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4930.6s	4930.6	 Uh marijuana was more widely used in the nba. Yeah, the pills that these players were given
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4938.2s	4938.2	 Were literally borderline opioids crazy ripped their stomach apart ripped everything apart, you know created dependencies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4946.7s	4946.7	 And all of a sudden you had a natural alternative and people are going to judge folks for taking more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4951.7s	4951.7	 I mean these guys are brutalizing their bodies for enter for effectively our entertainment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4957.6s	4957.6	 And then we don't give them a reasonable way to manage their pain. It's outrageous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4961.5s	4961.5	 And everybody else is smoking a doobie during half time or taking a gummy on the way home to sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4967.3s	4967.3	 I mean, it's so hypocritical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4969.4s	4969.4	 And it feels like I mean this country just feels like it's being run by a bunch of bureaucratic technocratic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4976.5s	4976.5	 Weenies and whether hall monitors hall monitors whether it's we should give them a wedgie and throw them in the locker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4982.7s	4982.7	 That's what we should do with this. I whoever put this person they get a wedgie and get thrown in a locker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4988.2s	4988.2	 I knew you I knew you were a schoolyard bully jake. Oh, i'm not a schoolyard bully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4991.9s	4991.9	 But I do think the hall monitors, you know those p you were a hall monitor weren't just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=4996.8s	4996.8	 Did you volunteer to be a hall monitor? Be honest. No, no, no, you were in the chess club. I liked our chess game sax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5004.0s	5004.0	 Yeah, okay. This is how I knew this is how I knew that jcow wasn't really I knew I knew I had heard him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5010.7s	5010.7	 Okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5011.1s	5011.1	 I knew he was genuinely hurt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5012.7s	5012.7	 But I knew he would get over it when I got I saw my push notifications or a quest from chess.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5018.6s	5018.6	 He started a chess game with me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5020.7s	5020.7	 So i'm like, oh, how did I play because i'm a neophyte?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5023.5s	5023.5	 How couldn't he couldn't be away for how easy was it to beat me as a 1200 player to my 600?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5029.0s	5029.0	 Yeah, well the chess.com analysis said that uh, I was never I was never in any danger, but uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5034.8s	5034.8	 I thought you played pretty well and uh, yeah, give me a tip. What's my tip?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5039.4s	5039.4	 Well, you you didn't castle fast enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5041.5s	5041.5	 You let me you let me try to get that bishop out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5044.3s	5044.3	 Yeah, you let me trap your king in the center and then you know, it was a but but you did good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5049.7s	5049.7	 You did good. All right, I knew I was okay with you and I got the chess.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5053.7s	5053.7	 I think we need a vegas trip. Maybe we're all just a little goofed out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5057.0s	5057.0	 Maybe we need to go to vegas do a quick 48 hour run this weekend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5061.2s	5061.2	 Should we do a little 48 hour vegas run?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5065.5s	5065.5	 All right, everybody this has been an amazing episode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5068.0s	5068.0	 So, uh, i'm officially unblocking sax and um, I even followed him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5073.2s	5073.2	 Love you chamoth. Love you sax. Love you free bird. Jake. I I have something to say to you as well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5079.2s	5079.2	 Which is I appreciate you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5081.4s	5081.4	 I I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5087.0s	5087.0	 System breakdown fuck it back at you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5093.0s	5093.0	 We'll let your winners ride rain man david sacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5100.8s	5100.8	 We open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it love you west queen of quinoa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5113.1s	5113.1	 Besties are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5117.0s	5117.0	 In your driveway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5123.5s	5123.5	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just useless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5127.4s	5127.4	 It's like this like sexual tension, but they just need to release them out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5131.5s	5131.5	 What your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5147.1s	5147.1	 Are you wearing your boxers? What are you wearing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5151.9s	5151.9	 To my turn around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5153.7s	5153.7	 What are those pants dude? These are my swim trunks. Oh swim trunks. Uh, there they are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5160.1s	5160.1	 the internet famous legs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5162.6s	5162.6	 I mean these legs are actually much much bigger. Look look how big they are. Oh, please tell me you're recording nick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNImocKCMvE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=97&t=5167.9s	5167.9	 Look at how big these are
