https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=0.0s	0.0	 What did your doctor give you to make you lose all this weight?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2.4s	2.4	 What is your celebrity doctor giving you? Tell the truth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=6.4s	6.4	 People on Twitter are like, your Twitter account sounding a lot more like Jake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=10.4s	10.4	 out. I'm like, I think we're on the same diet. I think that's what's going on here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=15.9s	15.9	 In three, two, one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=30.2s	30.2	 Love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=30.6s	30.6	 I'm Queen of Kenwa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=34.4s	34.4	 Hey, everybody. Hey, everybody. Welcome to another episode of the All In Pod with us today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=40.1s	40.1	 Of course, the Queen of Kenwa and from his castle in Italy, the cackling dictator,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=48.1s	48.1	 Trimof Pollyhapitiya, nice gardenias and back from his big, big battle, his brawl,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=58.1s	58.1	 unblocked and undefeated, the Rain Man himself, David Sacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=63.0s	63.0	 And judging by the comments, I'd say dominant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=66.5s	66.5	 Oh, you read the comments. Just another sign of your obsession with how you perceive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=71.3s	71.3	 Like you don't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=72.3s	72.3	 I never read comments. Rule number one, don't read the comments. We're not doing it again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=77.0s	77.0	 It shows because you're not listening to the comments. So it makes sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=80.4s	80.4	 Okay, go ahead. And you got your whole troll army. How many people have you hired on your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=84.9s	84.9	 social media team to troll me from anonymous accounts on Twitter now to prove your points?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=89.8s	89.8	 Now you're paranoid too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=92.1s	92.1	 Don't be paranoid. Don't be paranoid. Anyway, look, we've patched things up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=96.8s	96.8	 Don't break the peace. We have detente.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=100.6s	100.6	 All right. So Freeberg is busy writing tweet storms now about the drought in California,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=110.2s	110.2	 which seems to be just going to be a really bad year, basically.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=115.9s	115.9	 So Freeberg walk us through it. How bad is California's drought going to be this year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=119.1s	119.1	 So the drought is already very bad. I put out a lot of tweets at two in the morning last night,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=124.2s	124.2	 I think I drank way too much caffeine yesterday. I'm in the mountains and like the only way I can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=128.0s	128.0	 avoid having headaches is like drinking caffeine all day. And it was a mistake. It kept me up all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=131.9s	131.9	 night. You're sure it's not fair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=133.8s	133.8	 Maybe you're so excited about this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=138.9s	138.9	 That you just can't sleep.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=143.9s	143.9	 You can beat this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=147.0s	147.0	 No, no, keep that. Keep that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=149.0s	149.0	 So, you know, the big tweet storm I put out at two in the morning last night kind of highlighted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=155.0s	155.0	 that there was a paper published in 2018, 2019 that showed how, you know, North America,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=162.4s	162.4	 particularly the western half of North America is in this, you know, mega drought that we haven't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=166.6s	166.6	 seen in, you know, 500 plus years. And since that paper was published, you know, in 2019,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=172.9s	172.9	 conditions have only worsened. We talked about this a few pods ago, but like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=177.5s	177.5	 snowpack level in California reached 0% throughout the entire state by June 1st.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=182.7s	182.7	 That has never happened before. Temperatures in British Columbia, as you guys know, reached over 120
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=188.3s	188.3	 degrees for several days in a row last week, which has never been seen in history in British
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=192.9s	192.9	 Columbia. You know, there was a paper published today that estimates that over a billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=197.8s	197.8	 animals and life forms were wiped out in the coastal region of British Columbia because of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=201.8s	201.8	 this heat wave. And the temperatures in California are obviously excessive as well, not as bad as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=207.1s	207.1	 they were last year. But what matters most is that the moisture conditions in our forest land is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=212.1s	212.1	 lower than we've ever seen at this time of year in history. And so this all sets us up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=217.8s	217.8	 And the other kind of big consequence, the high temperatures is causing an increased demand for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=221.6s	221.6	 air conditioners. That's the big variable in power demand on all grids. And the low snowpack means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=226.7s	226.7	 that we're not getting hydroelectric power. Hydroelectric power is down by 70% in the state
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=232.4s	232.4	 of California over where we were in 2019, because there's no snow that's melting, causing the rivers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=237.4s	237.4	 to flow. And about 11 to 15% of our state's electricity comes from hydroelectric power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=242.2s	242.2	 So we're going to have more power demand, we have less power available, we have extremely dry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=247.0s	247.0	 forests. And so this is setting us up for a number of possible disasters this year. And so rather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=253.5s	253.5	 than just trying to sound the alarm bells, what I'm pointing out is that there may be some things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=256.8s	256.8	 that we should be thinking about doing to try and get ahead of some of the consequences of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=261.2s	261.2	 these big risks, like, you know, having enough masks for people to breathe outside, so we don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=265.4s	265.4	 have to shut down schools and shut down outdoor work and all the things that might happen, having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=269.9s	269.9	 community centers that have power available, the state is scrambling to find excess power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=274.1s	274.1	 on the grid right now. But, you know, it just highlights that there's a moment here that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=278.7s	278.7	 almost like where we were going into COVID. It may not happen, but the probability is high enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=284.2s	284.2	 that something bad may happen that we should probably start to get prepared for it. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=288.7s	288.7	 we should probably be talking about the things we're doing to get prepared for it. And we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=291.7s	291.7	 talking about and we should be talking about the things we're going to do to make sure that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=293.9s	293.9	 communities are safe and people are safe and businesses can keep operating. Because if the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=297.8s	297.8	 state of California has 150 AQI, which is the Air Quality Index, workers can't work outside.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=303.7s	303.7	 And all the outdoor work, which employs 3 million Californians, has to shut down. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=307.8s	307.8	 you kind of start to add these things up. It's like, what are we going to do as this happens,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=311.0s	311.0	 not if this happens? And we should kind of be planning for it. And I don't see much happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=315.8s	315.8	 in terms of planning and preparation and talking about the opportunity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=319.8s	319.8	 History rhymes, because if you remember, and this is all going into a recall election in the fall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=325.8s	325.8	 this was a different but kind of equivalent setup where you guys remember we were having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=331.0s	331.0	 all these blackouts and brownouts when Gray Davis was recalled. And then Schwarzenegger just swooped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=336.7s	336.7	 up out of nowhere. And, you know, people thought, oh, there's no chance. And people were just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=341.8s	341.8	 frustrated because the quality of life took a measurable step backwards in the intervening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=347.8s	347.8	 six or nine months before the recall election. And so it'll be really interesting to see how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=351.9s	351.9	 Gavin Newsom manages all of this, because if he can't get the states act together, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=358.2s	358.2	 you have all of these issues at hand, and a credible candidate emerges,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=365.8s	365.8	 you could have some really interesting political fireworks in September.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=369.2s	369.2	 A big part of this, correct me if I'm wrong, Friedberg, is that we live in essentially like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=374.1s	374.1	 a lot of desert area here in California, and we just haven't invested in the desalinization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=379.0s	379.0	 plants. We have one that's come on since 2005. And I think there's another one in SoCal that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=384.1s	384.1	 was mothballed and they during the last drought wanted to open it up again. But we now have one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=389.0s	389.0	 in Carlsbad, the Claude bud, Lewis Carlsbad desalinization plant that is now I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=397.0s	397.0	 costs us a billion bucks. But Israel correct me if I'm wrong is now they charge three times as much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=402.2s	402.2	 for water than we do. So people take water seriously, and they actually monitor their water usage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=408.6s	408.6	 And they have desalinization and they have more water than they need per capita.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=413.3s	413.3	 Well, D-SAL doesn't really solve a number of these problems that I'm highlighting, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=417.4s	417.4	 the probability of the forest land on the west coast, not just in California, but all up and down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=422.2s	422.2	 the west coast catching on fire is very high. No number of D-SAL plants is going to put out those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=426.3s	426.3	 fires. When that happens, the air quality is going to get really bad. You know, like we saw last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=430.7s	430.7	 I don't know, you guys remember I escaped to Lake Michigan last summer when the smoke hit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=434.6s	434.6	 We remember the threats. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=435.9s	435.9	 Yeah. And it was insane. You know, it doesn't D-SAL plants don't solve the air quality problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=442.6s	442.6	 where people can't work outside, your kids can't go to school, etc, etc. D-SAL plants don't solve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=448.0s	448.0	 the problem of hydroelectric plants, which requires snowpack to melt to get rivers to run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=453.3s	453.3	 to turn those turbines to generate electricity for the state.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=456.1s	456.1	 Nuclear would solve that though.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=457.8s	457.8	 Nuclear would solve that certainly. And so, you know, the point is we're kind of reaching this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=462.5s	462.5	 apex of are we going to do climate change adaptation? Are we going to have, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=467.4s	467.4	 kind of long-term systemic solutions that we're going to start to put in place for these risks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=471.0s	471.0	 that we face? And more importantly, from an acute perspective in the near term, what are the actions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=476.3s	476.3	 we should be taking to protect communities and get ahead of this problem? So it's not a scramble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=480.9s	480.9	 after the crisis, which is what we typically do with these sorts of crises.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=484.5s	484.5	 We're not investing in infrastructure. If we put in some nuclear power plants, if we did more D-SAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=489.1s	489.1	 and we did more forest management or put more fire breaks into, you know, all this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=494.9s	494.9	 I'm talking about the simple solutions like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=497.3s	497.3	 have a community center.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=498.3s	498.3	 But those three things would be massive, wouldn't they?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=499.6s	499.6	 Well, those are long-term solutions. I'm talking about like for this summer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=502.7s	502.7	 Oh, for this summer? Is it even solvable?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=504.5s	504.5	 We need communities. No, but we need to prepare for what is going to happen this summer. So when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=508.2s	508.2	 communities get run out, what are we going to do? You know, do we have community centers set up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=512.4s	512.4	 where people can get water and power? Do we have masks available so that outdoor workers can keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=518.4s	518.4	 working in the state? You know, all of these things that we could be doing to get in front
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=522.1s	522.1	 of the inevitable consequences of these risks, I think, are things that we should be actively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=526.5s	526.5	 pursuing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=526.6s	526.6	 If you're in California, you should order your air purifiers now. We ordered six more of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=532.2s	532.2	 Conway ones that we used last year that were amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=535.0s	535.0	 Get N95 masks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=535.8s	535.8	 And we have the N95 masks. We ordered them already. And we're going to put in a power generator,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=541.8s	541.8	 which I know not everybody is able to do. But you can buy a portable one for as little as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=546.8s	546.8	 $300 or $400, I think now. So portable generator in case you lose power, stock up on everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=551.6s	551.6	 else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=551.8s	551.8	 We need those solutions. Like I think there's going to be a big kind of power generator push,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=555.5s	555.5	 right? Like distributed power has always been something. That's the whole point of solar. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=559.0s	559.0	 get the solar on your roof, you get your own power. But how are you going to keep your AC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=563.2s	563.2	 running when it's 120 degrees outside if you have no power? You know, that's kind of a very scary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=568.4s	568.4	 circumstance of heat waves. And it's something that we should have a real plan around.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=573.0s	573.0	 And if I were the governor, or if I were kind of California leadership, or leadership up and down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=578.5s	578.5	 the West Coast, you know, the Western governors, I'd probably be running a daily press conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=582.8s	582.8	 starting now, saying, let's just get in front of this problem and talk about what are the risks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=586.5s	586.5	 we're seeing? What are the problems we're seeing? And what we're doing about it, just so people feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=589.3s	589.3	 reassured. Because, you know, scrambling after a crisis doesn't make anyone feel better. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=594.1s	594.1	 showing that we're prepared and we're taking action to get in front of this crisis, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=597.9s	597.9	 not 100% certain, but it's a greater than 0% probability is something that could helpfully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=603.0s	603.0	 kind of reassure and start to put the pieces in place for the near term.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=607.3s	607.3	 By the way, just for those that don't really appreciate how interconnected everything is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=611.4s	611.4	 the basics, the science basics on drought, as I learned about them, were really, really incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=616.9s	616.9	 So you think, okay, well, how is all this stuff connected? It turns out that, you know, as we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=622.0s	622.0	 warmer and warmer temperatures, I didn't know this, Freeberg, you probably do this, but it accelerates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=627.0s	627.0	 soil evaporation. And then there's this really terrible feedback loop that starts, which is you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=631.1s	631.1	 have drier soil, which means you have less vegetation. And then as a result, you have less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=636.8s	636.8	 what's called evapotranspiration, which means there's less regional precipitation. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=642.4s	642.4	 this whole thing just starts to spin and spin and spin. You have warmer temperatures that results in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=647.2s	647.2	 less snowpack. The snowpack melts earlier. And we have a situation now in the United States,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=652.9s	652.9	 which is just incredible. I saw a graph, which is one of soil moisture. And it shows basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=659.0s	659.0	 the western half of the United States isn't the first percentile of soil moisture, looking back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=666.9s	666.9	 over many, many decades. So why then all of that vegetation dries up and then we're in a position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=673.0s	673.0	 fodder for more fires. No, Jason, we're even worse than this. We're in a position where,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=678.4s	678.4	 we are threatening our own food supply. And just to put a finer point on this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=685.2s	685.2	 it's not just the western half of the United States that's now suffering from this. It's Brazil,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=690.9s	690.9	 it's the Mediterranean and Southern Europe, and it's large parts of Africa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=694.5s	694.5	 You add up all those number of people, there are many countries there that are actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=698.5s	698.5	 self-sufficient, which will then no longer be, will have to import food, that food quality is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=703.8s	703.8	 you know, questionable at best in some cases. So we're in a really tough position here and saw it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=709.3s	709.3	 Isn't this all solvable with technology? I mean, if we just tax people a little more for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=713.2s	713.2	 water usage, if we really invested in the desal plants, if we really invested in nuclear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=717.1s	717.1	 we could actually flip this whole thing the same way it's spiraling in the wrong direction,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=720.6s	720.6	 it could spiral in the right direction. Two things on the water side, I've been looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=724.6s	724.6	 at water investing for a while. There's a there's a real problem, which is, you know, when I when I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=729.2s	729.2	 looked at this, my team found some incredibly interesting opportunities, largely, it evolves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=734.3s	734.3	 around owning water rights, right? And then basically selling them back to the state and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=739.9s	739.9	 when states get in difficult situations. The problem is, I think it's politically intolerable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=745.5s	745.5	 for, let's just say somebody like me to own those kinds of water rights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=750.5s	750.5	 To be a water baron. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=751.9s	751.9	 I think it's I think it's no bueno. The the idea then that I had was like, well, maybe what we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=756.3s	756.3	 should be doing is buying these things and sticking them in a foundation so that we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=759.6s	759.6	 guarantee water for people in certain states. Maybe that flies. I'm not so sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=765.4s	765.4	 That's the government's job. That's the government's job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=768.1s	768.1	 But then they're not doing their job. They're incompetent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=771.1s	771.1	 They're unfortunately not not as skilled as you'd want them to be on this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=774.8s	774.8	 Sachs, how would you spin this out of this death spiral and into abundance? Is there a way?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=781.0s	781.0	 Well, I mean, the first thing to realize here is that this is not a black swan event.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=786.3s	786.3	 This is entirely foreseeable. Drought conditions have existed in California for a long time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=793.5s	793.5	 In fact, 200 years. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=795.4s	795.4	 Well, and even maybe going back millions of years, I mean, geologists have found evidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=800.0s	800.0	 that millions of years ago, you would have millions of acres of California burning every year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=808.0s	808.0	 Drought conditions have existed for a long time. Has climate change amplified that and made it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=813.6s	813.6	 worse? Yes. But this is entirely foreseeable. We know we're dealing with these conditions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=818.8s	818.8	 And in fact, back on his first day in office in 2019, Newsom held his very first press
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=826.1s	826.1	 conference about this issue on emergency preparedness for fires. But the problem is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=831.3s	831.3	 there has been no follow through. And so, Newsom, to go back to Chamath's point about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=837.0s	837.0	 the political ramifications here, you could have a Gray Davis-like situation with the recall where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=842.6s	842.6	 all of a sudden, Newsom goes from being the favorite to potentially losing because of fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=847.4s	847.4	 season. But by the way, I mean, the whole reason why the recall election is happening in September
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=853.5s	853.5	 now instead of October, November is because Newsom is precisely worried about the Gray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=857.8s	857.8	 Davis scenario. And this recall is supposed to happen in the October, November timeframe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=862.2s	862.2	 They've moved it up to September because Newsom thinks there's a higher chance of fading the worst
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=867.2s	867.2	 of fire season by doing the election sooner. The problem for him is that fire season now starts in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=871.8s	871.8	 August. And so, we could be in the middle of fire season when this recall election happens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=877.7s	877.7	 And this thing could boomerang on him. But back to the point about, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=880.7s	880.7	 Newsom held this press conference back in January of 2019. And the problem is there hasn't been any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=887.8s	887.8	 real follow through on forest management. So, you know, Newsom was recently caught in a lie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=893.4s	893.4	 saying that, you know, they had basically treated 90,000 acres. This is what this article I'll put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=898.8s	898.8	 in the chat said. In reality, they'd only really treated about 11,000 acres. Even 90,000 would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=905.1s	905.1	 inadequate, right? They're not doing enough. And the way, you know, I talked to a very prominent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=910.6s	910.6	 person who knows California politics well and knows all the players. And what he said is, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=915.1s	915.1	 the fundamental problem is that Gavin is not operational, right? He's fantastic at fundraising.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=921.2s	921.2	 He says all the right things at press conferences. But not everything is about running for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=926.9s	926.9	 reelection. And the problem is he has not managed to this outcome. And so, now we're in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=933.5s	933.5	 situation where to Freeberg's point, we're going to be scrambling after the fact. Now, what is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=938.0s	938.0	 Newsom's excuse going to be? It's going to be, you know, climate change. It's going to be global
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=941.4s	941.4	 warming. It's kind of the all-purpose dog ate my homework excuse for anything that goes wrong is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=947.9s	947.9	 he can just blame it on climate change. But the reality is we knew about climate change. Climate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=953.0s	953.0	 change somewhere you have to live with. Even if we stop it in its tracks from this point forward,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=958.7s	958.7	 we're not going to be able to reverse the effects it's already had. And so, we need leaders who will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=964.3s	964.3	 step up and get much more aggressive about preventing this problem. I think my and by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=969.8s	969.8	 way, my tweet, I didn't mention climate change at all. I got you know, I don't think that that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=973.6s	973.6	 even the point. The point is we are facing acute conditions on the in the western half of the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=979.2s	979.2	 States right now that lead to a number of significant and severe consequences. Those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=984.0s	984.0	 acute conditions, you know, you could blame them on climate change and say that they're part of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=987.8s	987.8	 climate change. It doesn't change the reality. They are here today and we have to deal with them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=993.0s	993.0	 And I think, yeah, we have a we have a couple of things that are that are going to happen here in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=998.6s	998.6	 short order that I think can make this thing accelerated a little. So there's a an organization,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1006.2s	1006.2	 department in the United States government that's not very well known called the US Bureau of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1010.9s	1010.9	 Reclamation, USPR. And they are the ones that will make formal assessments of water levels. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1017.0s	1017.0	 there's a really important assessment that's going to happen in Lake Mead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1021.0s	1021.0	 at the end of this year. And the reason why it's critical is that if the US Bureau of Reclamation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1027.1s	1027.1	 measures Lake Mead under a certain threshold, they can declare a tier one shortage. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1035.9s	1035.9	 that means, just practically speaking, cutting through all the jargon is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1041.3s	1041.3	 initially the state of Arizona will be denied around 600,000 acre feet of water next year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1047.6s	1047.6	 What does that mean? That's about 15% of the demand for that state. And so you're going to start to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1054.3s	1054.3	 deal with these sort of like rolling, I don't know what we're even going to call these water out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1060.3s	1060.3	 scenarios where it's not just about watering your lawn, that's not going to be possible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1064.7s	1064.7	 it's going to be a whole bunch of other things. Now, there is a solution. And this is where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1068.2s	1068.2	 California can come to the rescue for most of the western United States if they really want to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1072.4s	1072.4	 or at least for the rest of California, which is there is an enormous untapped groundwater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1079.3s	1079.3	 aquifer in Southern California, which is the size of Lake Mead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1083.4s	1083.4	 It's an incredibly unique thing. It's actually owned by a public company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1088.3s	1088.3	 And the whole goal was, okay, well, let's just build a pipeline, right from the aquifer to deliver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1093.9s	1093.9	 drinking water to folks that are lacking water. And this has been a multi-year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1102.7s	1102.7	 bordering on multi-decade slog because of California politicians. Because water has become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1110.1s	1110.1	 highly politicized. No one wants to pay the full cost for a commodity that they frankly view as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1115.8s	1115.8	 a right. But then they don't want to step in to do the work to actually make it reasonable and viable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1122.4s	1122.4	 So this whole thing is just, again, as David, as you said, the dog ate my homework. And now we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1127.4s	1127.4	 really playing with some very complicated things that are really out of the control and intellectual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1131.2s	1131.2	 capacity of the frankly state governments, which is the interconnectedness of weather,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1136.4s	1136.4	 temperature, water, our soil, our food supply. It's a I think what's so frustrating. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1143.1s	1143.1	 so easily solvable. And we are not doing the blocking and tackling the free throws, the basic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1148.8s	1148.8	 things. If you look at just monitoring our water usage, I invested in two companies, one of them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1156.8s	1156.8	 didn't work out. But both of them were to monitor water usage. And what we learned was at a campus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1163.0s	1163.0	 like Stanford, they have like four water meters, like they're not going down to the building level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1169.5s	1169.5	 in some cases, there'll be like four buildings on one water meter. And you can very easily at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1174.7s	1174.7	 each sink at each, you know, shower head, you can put a device that cost 25 bucks installed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1183.0s	1183.0	 it just wraps around the the the water, the the pipe. And it could tell you how it's flowing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1189.3s	1189.3	 And we lose 2030% of our water to leaks. Nobody is monitoring their usage because there is no cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1196.5s	1196.5	 to it to to Chumat's point. And then you look at these crazy, insane, almond and other agriculture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1204.2s	1204.2	 in the middle of California. They are using flood irrigation, which I'm sure Friedberg can give us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1210.3s	1210.3	 an education at versus what you know, the trip irrigation that they use and other reclaiming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1214.7s	1214.7	 methods in Israel and other places. So we look at water as like, to Chumat's point, some crazy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1221.8s	1221.8	 God given right that we can just splash it everywhere, we can take 20 minute showers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1226.5s	1226.5	 And then we allow how crazy is this, we allow the bottling of water in California, we allow these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1232.2s	1232.2	 companies to bottle water and then sell it. And we don't even monitor our usage we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1236.8s	1236.8	 Well, we are so entitled it is gross.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1239.9s	1239.9	 Newston's biggest donors, who's that family that grows all the almonds or whatever?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1245.0s	1245.0	 Whoever they are, the the Resnick's, the Resnick's single biggest, them and the teachers unions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1249.4s	1249.4	 Singles, Linda Resnick and those palm people with the palm stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1253.9s	1253.9	 It's total political corruption, right? I mean, they get Chinatown. It's literally the movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1258.0s	1258.0	 Chinatown. Yeah. Well, I think so to this point about why aren't politicians solving the problems,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1263.0s	1263.0	 I mean, to make a meta point, there's a great tweet from Thomas Sowell or the person who manages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1267.8s	1267.8	 the Thomas Sowell account, where he said, no one will really understand politics until they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1273.2s	1273.2	 understand that politicians are not trying to solve our problems. They're trying to solve their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1277.0s	1277.0	 own problems, which are getting elected and reelected. That's number one, number two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1281.9s	1281.9	 Stay in office. That is their only goal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1283.7s	1283.7	 Three is far behind. And that's basically the situation we have is, I think Newsom actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1289.3s	1289.3	 is a little bit like Trump, not in his personal style, but in that he thinks he can talk his way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1294.2s	1294.2	 out of problems and he's not going to focus on solving a problem when he can just spin his way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1300.0s	1300.0	 out of it. By the way, I just think you guys should know the, you know, because a lot of people talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1304.7s	1304.7	 about residential water use. That is also kind of an acute and local problem where depending on your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1309.9s	1309.9	 water supply, how much water you have available to your community. But in terms of aggregate water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1316.2s	1316.2	 use, the vast majority of water in California is used in agriculture. It's about 10 X what is used
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1324.7s	1324.7	 for residential application. So California agriculture, by the way, it's not a bad thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1330.4s	1330.4	 It's a huge part of our economy. That water has generally been fully available in aquifers. People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1335.6s	1335.6	 bought that land with rights. They paid a premium for those rights to those aquifers. This is a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1339.8s	1339.8	 complicated problem in California and that, you know, supports a large part of the California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1344.4s	1344.4	 economy. So, you know, you can't just kind of blow them away, but 90% of water use in California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1348.9s	1348.9	 is associated with ag. And it's not just a generally we need to save water problem. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1353.8s	1353.8	 very specific to a region and a community and their particular water source on whether and how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1358.0s	1358.0	 much you need to save versus do you have abundant supplies and so on. And so it's a little bit more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1362.9s	1362.9	 complicated. But yeah, but we should be focused on abundance, Freeberg. If you look at the new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1367.4s	1367.4	 nuclear power plants that, you know, Bill Gates has invested in, and then you look at desalinization,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1372.2s	1372.2	 which is an energy issue, we can desalinize for roughly two or three times the cost that we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1377.5s	1377.5	 getting our water for now. So just put a nuclear power plant next to a desalinization plant and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1383.4s	1383.4	 you're done. Great. That's a 20 year project. And you got to buy why is it a 20 year project,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1388.6s	1388.6	 China does it in two, you got to be more bold in this country. It is completely ridiculous that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1394.6s	1394.6	 accept that everything has to take 20 years. We need this now. Where's the leadership that says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1399.6s	1399.6	 fuck it, let's do it immediately. Let's set a goal of two years to build 10 of these.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1406.0s	1406.0	 I'm not sure it solves our acute problems. It solves long term problems associated with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1410.1s	1410.1	 climate change and energy and security. We can't do both. Let's do both. Sure, we should do everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1415.9s	1415.9	 But right now, the you know, the the conditions indicate that there are some specific things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1420.6s	1420.6	 that we can and should be doing to kind of support the state in terms of what's going to happen in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1424.0s	1424.0	 the next year or two. And yes, we should also be funding long term projects that create water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1428.5s	1428.5	 security and energy security for everyone in the United States. But sex to your point, and by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1432.6s	1432.6	 way, if you guys ever want to read an interesting book about how the grid operates, there's a book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1436.8s	1436.8	 called The Grid. And it talks about how the electrical power grid system was built in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1441.5s	1441.5	 United States and how inefficient it is and all the problems there are a lot of structural problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1445.5s	1445.5	 that need to be solved, not just, you know, dropping in cheap power. Sax, who is the good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1450.0s	1450.0	 operational candidate that you've seen that's running for governor of California in this recall?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1453.7s	1453.7	 Is there someone that stands out in your mind? Because I don't seem to hear anyone talking about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1457.7s	1457.7	 hey, there's a good alternative to Gavin Newsom at this point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1461.1s	1461.1	 Yeah, I mean, we don't a clear alternative has not emerged yet. You know, I guess the and part of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1467.4s	1467.4	 problem is that because there was no Republican primary, you haven't sort of consolidated the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1472.6s	1472.6	 opposition to a leading candidate. There are a couple of I guess, interesting candidates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1479.0s	1479.0	 on the Republican side, I need to spend more time getting to, you know, know them. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1483.5s	1483.5	 I have never met them or talked to them. But the two who are I think mentioned quite a bit are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1488.7s	1488.7	 this guy Falconer, who's the mayor of San Diego, who is sort of a socially liberal Republican.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1497.4s	1497.4	 And then there's a state assemblyman named Kevin Kiley, who, who I think says a lot of interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1505.9s	1505.9	 things. And he just announced he's running. There's another guy as well, John Cox, but he got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1512.0s	1512.0	 trounced by Newsom the last election, I think it's time to let somebody else take a shot against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1516.4s	1516.4	 him. And then of course, you've got Caitlyn Jenner, but I think people are still trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1519.7s	1519.7	 figure out if her campaign is real or how real it is. So yeah, look, we have the opposition has not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1526.2s	1526.2	 consolidated against Newsom, the way it did with Schwarzenegger, you know, back in 2001,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1532.2s	1532.2	 and I'm voting, I'm voting Republican, just to create a counterbalance. I don't care who it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1537.0s	1537.0	 And I'm not a Republican, I'm an independent, but I'm voting across the board, I'm just going to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1541.7s	1541.7	 to Republican for every position in California. And I'm going to just run my finger down the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1546.1s	1546.1	 road. Every single one. How does it feel to be a radical Trump supporter? I listen, I have not for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1553.0s	1553.0	 Trump, but Chamath, talk to us about nuclear and what we can do to get to reverse what these hippie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1560.5s	1560.5	 dippy well intentioned, no nukes concert set us back 50 years. And let's be honest, a lot of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1568.2s	1568.2	 climate change problems we have today, we would not have if we had invested in nuclear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1571.8s	1571.8	 Yeah, I sent her around. Well, I sent her on an image, Nick, maybe you can stick it in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1577.3s	1577.3	 show notes or something so that people can see. But if you if you look at if you graph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1581.3s	1581.3	 the construction of nuclear reactors from 1960s, 1960s to today, essentially what and you color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1588.6s	1588.6	 code them by country, what essentially you see is a transition from the able from the frankly from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1597.0s	1597.0	 countries that basically were just right at the leading the pack. And it was really the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1601.9s	1601.9	 States building, building, building, and then two things really happened. There was Three Mile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1607.0s	1607.0	 Island, and then there was Chernobyl. And there was an incredible overreaction to not really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1614.6s	1614.6	 understanding either the cause and or the remediation to two events. Now, could you imagine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1622.2s	1622.2	 if there were two airlines that crashed and we stopped flying? How basically we would have,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1629.2s	1629.2	 you know, retarded the progress of the world. And now you impose it on something like nuclear energy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1636.5s	1636.5	 which is consistently proven to provide an enormous, the abundant, cheap, and clean form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1643.4s	1643.4	 of sustainable energy. And it actually solves a bunch of the problems we talked about before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1647.8s	1647.8	 So for example, if you look at the power consumption for desalination, it's off the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1651.7s	1651.7	 charts, quite honestly. Okay, that's why people say that it can't be done credibly. If you look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1656.8s	1656.8	 at even just like the amount of energy that's required to clean water and to, you know, sanitize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1662.2s	1662.2	 water and make it drinkable, the the the standards that are defined by the government are incredibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1667.6s	1667.6	 stringent. But the the implication of it operationally is an enormous amount of power that goes into it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1673.1s	1673.1	 But Jason, you are right, which is that if we have small forms of sustainable, abundant energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1678.5s	1678.5	 that can be basically hyper localized and located where we can do these jobs, the jobs to be done,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1684.3s	1684.3	 it's transformational. Now, why doesn't it happen? It doesn't happen because the same folks who really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1690.0s	1690.0	 want to sound the alarm bells on climate change, which is the progressive left, are not really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1694.9s	1694.9	 willing, they're intellectually lazy when it comes to nuclear, they don't do the work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1699.9s	1699.9	 They make a brand, bland sort of broad based prognostication about how we need to do something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1705.2s	1705.2	 about climate, then they will point to solar and wind without really understanding the contamination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1711.4s	1711.4	 of the earth that we do in order to mine the rare earths and the actual metal and mineral inputs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1719.2s	1719.2	 that are required for solar. It's yes nuts. But it sounds better, right? It sounds better. It sounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1725.4s	1725.4	 better. Oh, we're using air and the sun and water. And it's like, if I could show you what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1732.3s	1732.3	 what tailings are, and like the dirty after effects of mining copper and nickel out of the ground,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1738.5s	1738.5	 which is what we need for batteries, and how countries like Indonesia are literally dumping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1743.9s	1743.9	 it into the ocean, dumping it faster that they can get their hands on it so that they can sell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1748.8s	1748.8	 copper and nickel and cobalt to us so that we can make batteries, you would actually say to yourself,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1755.1s	1755.1	 if you knew all these facts, you'd actually say to yourself, you know what, maybe nuclear isn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1758.2s	1758.2	 so bad. And maybe I overreacted to two incidents. You want to understand this, you just have to look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1762.9s	1762.9	 at the laziest group of individuals and society. The French, they want to take the laziest route
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1770.1s	1770.1	 and do the least amount of work and have the most amount of leisure. Sorry to our French listeners,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1774.4s	1774.4	 70% of the energy in France is from nuclear. They figured this out. They said, how do we take more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1781.3s	1781.3	 time off and not work and have unlimited electric 70% nuclear, they're so smart.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1788.2s	1788.2	 Well, the French are actually smart, because after smart, because after Fukushima, what happened is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1794.0s	1794.0	 if you had, you know, sort of like woke politicians, Germany, a bunch of Germany,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1799.9s	1799.9	 they completely unwound their entire nuclear agenda, which was, which, which was insanity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1806.2s	1806.2	 insanity. And so now here they are, they're writing laws faster than they can make them up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1811.2s	1811.2	 They're basically pivoting entire industries to try to now adopt batteries and storage without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1817.9s	1817.9	 any real understanding about the downstream implications to the earth that they are going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1822.2s	1822.2	 to create. The net consequences. If they had just stayed the course on nuclear, they would be in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1828.8s	1828.8	 much better place. And to France's credit, they were like, what the fuck are you people overreacting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1833.9s	1833.9	 about? Again, just think about this, guys. The pragmatism is delightful. If we stopped flying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1839.4s	1839.4	 after two airline crashes, where would the world be?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1843.6s	1843.6	 Where would the world be? I mean, be pragmatist here. What do we want to deal with high energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1849.5s	1849.5	 prices and brownouts and all kinds of problems and rolling blackouts? Or do we want to put this issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1856.6s	1856.6	 behind us? If we just go on a Manhattan project, literally to make new nuclear, we would be this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1864.2s	1864.2	 issue would be behind us and we could focus on something else like education. It's so dumb.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1869.5s	1869.5	 The very scary thing about nuclear is despite all of the progress,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1873.8s	1873.8	 it will get bogged down in litigation and bureaucracy. These are the last two things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1880.0s	1880.0	 that should be in front of science and physics. Especially when it comes to energy independence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1886.4s	1886.4	 I just think it's free break anyway out any way we can get people to what's the best way to convince
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1893.0s	1893.0	 the American public to embrace nuclear and force our politicians to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1897.8s	1897.8	 Open your mind and think for yourself. Right, please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1901.2s	1901.2	 Well, Mark Andreessen had a good term. He said we're living in a vetocracy, as in the word veto.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1909.1s	1909.1	 I think it was an interesting interview with Antonio Garcia Martinez on his blog. Anyway,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1915.1s	1915.1	 yeah, they were talking about the inability of the US to build anything anymore, especially when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1918.7s	1918.7	 you compare us to some place like China. Whether you want to call it NIMBYism or vetocracy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1924.7s	1924.7	 there are just too many people and groups who have the right to say no to anything and block
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1930.8s	1930.8	 anything important from happening. We got to stop letting our politicians off the hook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1937.5s	1937.5	 by making excuses. Just because there's climate change doesn't mean that the politicians can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1943.5s	1943.5	 do anything about it. I mean, welcome to the downstream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1946.5s	1946.5	 consequences of a successful democracy. Right? A democracy over time doesn't reduce the number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1952.3s	1952.3	 of laws it has. Every year, politicians need to do their job and they create new laws. As new laws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1957.6s	1957.6	 accumulate, things get clogged up. When have you seen a law that gets passed by a local government,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1964.0s	1964.0	 a state government or federal government that makes it easier to do something?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1967.8s	1967.8	 I get that. But where does it say in the Constitution of the United States that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1971.8s	1971.8	 being part of a democracy also means shutting your brain off and becoming a dumb cynic?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1977.4s	1977.4	 That's not part of what being part of a democracy is. By the way, I want to talk about that for one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1982.3s	1982.3	 second. There was this thing that I sent you guys in the chat and Nick, hopefully you post that in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1987.4s	1987.4	 the show notes as well. But there was a study that was done about cynicism. It went back and it did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=1995.5s	1995.5	 a qualitative assessment of more than 200,000 people and their attitudes and their measured IQ,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2003.3s	2003.3	 their measured literacy, their measured numeracy and their measured earnings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2007.9s	2007.9	 And here's what they found. Cynicism is associated with lower IQ, lower literacy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2014.6s	2014.6	 lower numeracy and lower earnings. The idea of cynical individuals being more competent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2021.4s	2021.4	 appears to be a widespread yet largely illusory lie. So I think we have to teach people-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2029.1s	2029.1	 I think this makes sense. I mean, I was shocked by that study because I actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2033.8s	2033.8	 generally think cynical people must be smarter because they're thinking more rationally and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2038.9s	2038.9	 maybe I'm being emotional. It turns out they're fucking stupid. Well, here's the thing, there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2043.2s	2043.2	 cynicism and then there's people who are cantankerous and not content. And I think people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2047.8s	2047.8	 sometimes conflate those two things. If you look at the constant, pervasive cynicism is not a feature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2053.9s	2053.9	 of democracy. It means that you just stop thinking for yourself as a protective mechanism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2058.5s	2058.5	 Right. But the people we know who have changed the world and who they seem to be-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2064.8s	2064.8	 They're not cynical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2065.8s	2065.8	 They're not cynical. They're actually delusional and optimistic or as they wouldn't have started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2070.5s	2070.5	 a company to make electric cars, you know, or, you know, whatever piece of software or climate.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2077.1s	2077.1	 or synthetic biology, you have to be a radical optimist. I mean, and we're literally trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2083.1s	2083.1	 attack our incredible capitalists who are actually solving these problems while our politicians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2089.5s	2089.5	 can't get their shit together and make de-souled plants and nuclear plants. The private market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2094.6s	2094.6	 seems like the only solution. There's an old saying that pessimists get to be right and optimists get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2103.0s	2103.0	 to be rich. And yeah, I mean, if you think about it, if you think about it, you know, pessimists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2110.7s	2110.7	 don't create companies, right? They're-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2113.3s	2113.3	 No, they throw rocks. They become journalists. They become shit posters on Twitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2117.4s	2117.4	 They become critics, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2118.6s	2118.6	 Anton Ego.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2120.6s	2120.6	 Sax, what do you think about this idea that, you know, if we get into the throes of it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2125.9s	2125.9	 for water, the folks that own water rights, I think that this is going to be like an eminent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2130.6s	2130.6	 domain issue where the government is at some point just going to say, sorry, need it back. It's mine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2136.2s	2136.2	 Yeah, during an emergency, for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2138.6s	2138.6	 For sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2139.7s	2139.7	 But I mean, I hate to use the words, I agree with J. Cal, but,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2148.2s	2148.2	 but, you know, look, there's not a shortage of water in the world, right? I mean, the world is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2152.1s	2152.1	 mostly water. So it is a function of building desalination plants if that's what we need.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2159.1s	2159.1	 There has to be a solution for that problem. And Freberg's right that maybe it does take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2163.2s	2163.2	 a decade or two to put in place all that infrastructure. But then why didn't we start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2167.7s	2167.7	 10 years ago? You see, we should be starting a program where we convince the American public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2172.8s	2172.8	 that abundance would lead to them having more freedom and our country being stronger.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2180.5s	2180.5	 Electrical abundance with nuclear, water abundance with desalination, and agricultural abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2188.1s	2188.1	 with those previous two, because if you had unlimited nuclear energy and you had unlimited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2192.6s	2192.6	 clean water, the price of agriculture will go down and we'd have more free food for everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2198.3s	2198.3	 or lower cost food. I'll tell you, I'll tell you a theory I have on this. And it's basically an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2203.3s	2203.3	 anti science theory, which is that, you know, culturally, we've kind of developed this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2207.9s	2207.9	 anti innovation, anti science mentality, broadly speaking across kind of modern culture in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2213.5s	2213.5	 United States. If you remember coming out of World War Two, and I think it has its roots in the Cold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2218.1s	2218.1	 War. You know, when World War Two ended, you know, we were all in it together. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2223.7s	2223.7	 this country, everyone bought the same stuff. We all had Rice Krispies every day. We all kind of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2229.4s	2229.4	 you know, we're excited about our homes that look like everyone else's home on the block.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2233.8s	2233.8	 And technology was empowering all of this, right? There was a space race on. There were plastics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2239.2s	2239.2	 that were suddenly allowing us to make all sorts of amazing things. There were chemicals that were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2243.4s	2243.4	 creating new drugs for humans and new applications for agriculture that was making an abundance of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2247.9s	2247.9	 food and increasing lifespans and so on. But then what happened in the late 60s and 70s is we realized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2253.5s	2253.5	 we got ahead of ourselves. And, you know, there was cancer from DDT. There was, you know, Three Mile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2261.9s	2261.9	 Island, there was a number of pollutants that got into the environment that permanently damaged the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2269.2s	2269.2	 environment from chemical companies. And we started to wake up and say, like, wait a second, all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2273.8s	2273.8	 this technology that we thought was so great and was giving us this extraordinary abundance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2278.2s	2278.2	 it turns out is really risky and can cause massive unknown consequences. And if you watch,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2283.5s	2283.5	 I think I talked about this in our podcast once, but one of my favorite videos to watch, there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2287.4s	2287.4	 video on YouTube from the Disney Channel History Institute, and they show the history of Tomorrowland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2292.4s	2292.4	 at Disneyland. When Tomorrowland opened in 1955, every ride was all about adventuring into space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2298.1s	2298.1	 and like traveling into the human body. And they even had a ride from Monsanto where you would go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2301.8s	2301.8	 into the micro world and look at plastics and stuff. And it was all about this amazing abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2305.6s	2305.6	 in technology. And the guy, the narrator on the video says, beginning in the late 60s, early 70s,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2310.8s	2310.8	 we changed all the rides. And the rides all became about the fear of technology. It was all about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2315.5s	2315.5	 aliens attacking Earth. It was all about Captain EO was like, you know, the world became robotic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2321.3s	2321.3	 and got taken over by unnatural things. Even Star Tours was about a robot that went awry. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2326.6s	2326.6	 robot doesn't know what it's doing. So it drove us off course and we had to survive the robot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2330.4s	2330.4	 And so everything became, you know, subconscious or subliminally a little bit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2333.9s	2333.9	 this negative technology sentiment. And I think that that still persists, you know, there is an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2338.2s	2338.2	 asymmetry people take for granted the abundance over time, because you get used to it. But you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2343.4s	2343.4	 feel the acute pain of the loss when technology goes awry. And then that becomes the social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2348.6s	2348.6	 conscience. And I think we're still grappling with that. And I don't know how you reverse it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2352.0s	2352.0	 Because you know what, are we not experiencing this right now, everybody with COVID, where there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2358.8s	2358.8	 one group of people who are like, Oh, my God, the science we were able to deploy in COVID and get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2364.0s	2364.0	 through this so quickly is so promising that the world's going to be better. Net net after the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2371.1s	2371.1	 pandemic, even with all the suffering, you could make an argument that that suffering is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2376.2s	2376.2	 lead to more prosperity. And there's another group of people who are like the Delta variant, let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2380.3s	2380.3	 get our masks back on. And people want to take the cynical route on as an individual, I don't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2386.9s	2386.9	 harm done to me or my kids or my environment. That's that's the I think the general kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2391.2s	2391.2	 conscience, right. And I don't care about the abundance, because I've basically taken it for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2396.4s	2396.4	 granted. And so now I find myself as an individual, saying, you know what, we shouldn't do nuclear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2402.1s	2402.1	 because look at what happened in Fukushima, forgetting the fact that you've been living off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2406.2s	2406.2	 of free electricity practically for decades or whatever the you know, the case might be water,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2410.3s	2410.3	 and free water and all these things. And I think that the abundance that technology delivers to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2414.9s	2414.9	 humans because humans are only programmed to recognize change, they're not programmed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2418.3s	2418.3	 to recognize absolutes. There's a lot of good socio psychological and evolutionary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2423.0s	2423.0	 example of that. Give us an example of that. Like if you know, if you go to the store every day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2427.3s	2427.3	 and you're used to just getting a $1 can of Coke, you don't say, Oh my god, I feel it's an amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2432.4s	2432.4	 world. I live and I get a $1 can of Coke, you never praise that $1 can of Coke. Now, if you went to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2438.2s	2438.2	 the store and the can of Coke went up to $2, you'd be like, What the heck? Why does Coke cost so much?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2443.9s	2443.9	 And so, you know, so we habituate, but we habituate to the great things in our life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2449.0s	2449.0	 The price of Coke dropped to 50 cents, you're like, Okay, that feels good. And then you get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2453.2s	2453.2	 used to the price of Coke being 50 cents. And a few weeks later, if it goes up, you're upset,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2457.6s	2457.6	 but you're not as happy on the other way. So human emotion is kind of asymmetrically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2461.7s	2461.7	 you know, defined by these negative consequences. And I think over time, you accumulate these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2466.5s	2466.5	 negative consequences as your core psyche. And you have an aversion to doing, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2470.7s	2470.7	 innovative things as a whole, not all people, but as a whole, that's how we operate. And it's why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2475.4s	2475.4	 technology kind of gets land based over over time. This is the most frustrating thing to me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2480.2s	2480.2	 Chamath, is that we have so many amazing things happening in technology. And nobody will 10x or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2485.8s	2485.8	 100x on them from the government perspective of the public. I had a company called zero mass on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2492.4s	2492.4	 my podcast, which I think is now called source. And you're aware of this company, maybe you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2496.6s	2496.6	 talk a little bit about the impact hydro panels would make if we just embrace this technology.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2502.7s	2502.7	 Well, I mean, source is an incredible, incredible company. Basically, there's a there's a guy who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2508.7s	2508.7	 runs a Cody Friesen, who when he was at MIT, basically developed a essentially a material,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2517.0s	2517.0	 a membrane that can absorb the ambient water that's in the atmosphere, and basically allow you to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2525.0s	2525.0	 collect it and to separate it into its components and to basically create potable, salinized or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2531.4s	2531.4	 potable drinkable water in a panel that looks like a solar panel. So you put these solar arrays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2536.2s	2536.2	 everywhere. And out of the back, you put a little pipe and it collects the humidity in the ambient
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2541.8s	2541.8	 air and and it spits out water. It's, it's an incredible thing. And he's able to go and rewire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2547.2s	2547.2	 schools. And, and the thing is, he can go anywhere because again, he doesn't need anything, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2552.6s	2552.6	 You literally put it on your roof. It's incredible. And it makes you if you I think he told me at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2558.5s	2558.5	 time when I interviewed him two or three years ago. He said you could put two of these on your roof
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2562.9s	2562.9	 and get like four cases of bottled water a day, no matter where you were on the planet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2568.6s	2568.6	 And by the way, he's moving to a place which is really cool. He told me this I'm not sure if I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2572.2s	2572.2	 allowed to say but I'll say it anyways. Are you saying this might be beeped? No, where he's got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2577.0s	2577.0	 a candidate? No, he'll have an eventual app where you can kind of direct the hydro panel to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2583.3s	2583.3	 the kind of water that you like. So if you love or if you love dial it in the water or if you love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2591.0s	2591.0	 smart water or you're on the voice right specific specifically because it's the most expensive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2594.8s	2594.8	 No, I love I love smart water. I have a very gratuitous reason why I remember when I met
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2602.0s	2602.0	 Jobs, he drank smart water and I thought is good enough for him is good enough for me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2608.7s	2608.7	 I just get a copy people like you got to copy the good ones. And I was just like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2612.2s	2612.2	 this is a personal anecdote. This is when I knew Chamath made it we used to play poker in his garage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2617.0s	2617.0	 in his little 3000 square foot Palo Alto house. Little Berlin game Berlin in Berlin, whatever. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2622.6s	2622.6	 had this little tiny house. And we're in the garage and he's like, look, I'm putting up a flat panel,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2627.0s	2627.0	 I'm going to like paint the wall. We had a little you had a little easel and you'd write on chalk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2631.6s	2631.6	 how much you know, Ben Chamath, like I got a new house. He's got his new house, we come over,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2639.4s	2639.4	 he's like, Jake, how you want some water? I'm like, yeah, I love a glass. He's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2641.8s	2641.8	 I take how you want to beverage. I'm like, yeah, I'll take a glass of water. And he goes, oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2645.0s	2645.0	 and he walks over to a rack. And in the rack, like, you know, those things you push wine on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2650.2s	2650.2	 there's a rack for water. And there is Voss in the glass bottles. There is Evian in glass bottles,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2657.0s	2657.0	 old and you're not like the Evian that you get at the regular supermarket. Like somebody sourced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2661.8s	2661.8	 the Evian bottles that restaurants have. And then he had the smart one. I mean, there's six,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2666.1s	2666.1	 and I'm like, it's one on a glass of water. But okay, I'll take the Evian in the glass bottle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2671.0s	2671.0	 It was delightful. Sax, I got three different bounce passes. I can give you just where you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2675.4s	2675.4	 it. Do you want cancel culture? Do you want Chesa Boone or COVID? What do you want? Or COVID? I can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2682.2s	2682.2	 give you any of these. I'm ready to pass. I'm talking about any of those sound good to me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2687.0s	2687.0	 I mean, it might be time for a Chesa update because we haven't done that in a while.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2692.3s	2692.3	 The killer DA?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2693.3s	2693.3	 The killer DA, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2694.4s	2694.4	 Oh, by the way, I just want to say I found the journalist, you know, the journalist Sax,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2698.0s	2698.0	 don't say her name. And she is setting up her LLC and the $60,000 we raised from the GoFundMe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2703.6s	2703.6	 is going to go to her to cover the DA's office for the next six to 12 months in a newsletter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2708.8s	2708.8	 website.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2709.6s	2709.6	 Right. And just to be clear, because I think people kind of misinterpreted what you're trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2713.0s	2713.0	 to do there with the GoFundMe, J Cal. This is not for opposition research. This is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2718.5s	2718.5	 digging up dirt. This is reporting on public policy on what should be public facts with respect to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2728.1s	2728.1	 what the DA's office is doing, how Chesa is performing in his job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2731.9s	2731.9	 Isn't it interesting though, how the left journalists, when I hired an investigative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2736.4s	2736.4	 journalist to cover criminal justice, accused me of hiring an oppo researcher. And these are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2742.2s	2742.2	 investigative journalists. And I told them explicitly, I'm just hiring an investigative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2746.6s	2746.6	 journalist to cover crime in San Francisco. There's no oppo research here. And they insisted on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2750.3s	2750.3	 saying I wanted to get into Chesa's personal life. And I explicitly said that's not what this is for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2755.8s	2755.8	 Well, let's face it, there aren't too many journalists anymore who are investigative,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2760.5s	2760.5	 who are actually in the business of turning up new facts about elected officials. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2764.4s	2764.4	 too busy pushing a narrative. They're engaged in agenda journalism. And actually, we saw a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2769.4s	2769.4	 good example just to tie into what happened over the past week, is you had this story in the San
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2775.3s	2775.3	 Francisco Chronicle, which is basically pure propaganda from, you could see that the passing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2784.8s	2784.8	 from Chesa to this reporter of this farcical claim that crime is falling in San Francisco.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2794.0s	2794.0	 I mean, this claim is so preposterous. This is the same week we saw viral videos of 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2801.1s	2801.1	 robbers bursting out of Neiman Marcus, you know, with every handling. Yeah, exactly. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2807.6s	2807.6	 you know, plus you had the viral video of the guy going into CVS. And just, you know, it wasn't even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2815.7s	2815.7	 shoplifting. It was a garbage bag. Did you see Brian Sugar's video of the person who broke into his house,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2822.0s	2822.0	 stole his kids iPads and everything while they were in the house, right? And cyan banister who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2826.6s	2826.6	 had another home invasion just tweeted home invasions are now not prosecutable crimes in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2835.0s	2835.0	 San Francisco. Well, no, what they're doing is what cyan reported about her case is, and by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2839.9s	2839.9	 her case is in the public eye. Okay, so it's very brazen for the DA to be doing this. But what they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2846.0s	2846.0	 did is they dropped the home invasion charges, and they're just treating it as basically a theft of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2853.4s	2853.4	 you know, a few hundred dollars, you know, that does not capture the violation of breaking into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2859.3s	2859.3	 someone's house and how dangerous that is. But I originally I thought, okay, why is the DA's office
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2865.0s	2865.0	 doing this? Originally, I thought, well, maybe it's just because, you know, Chesa doesn't want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2868.4s	2868.4	 incarcerate anybody. But it's more than that. You see, if they drop the charges down to petty larceny,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2874.8s	2874.8	 then he can include it in a different stat. You see, home burglaries are up by some gargantuan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2880.9s	2880.9	 amount like 50% year over year, they want to be able to claim crime is falling. It's now they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2885.7s	2885.7	 juking the stats by reducing the charges from the more serious crime to the less serious crime.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2892.1s	2892.1	 And then what they do is shaping the stats. They're juking the stats. You ever watched the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2897.1s	2897.1	 the show The Wire? That's where this expression comes from is, you know, first, the politicians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2903.3s	2903.3	 get held held accountable to the statistics, then they realize that then they start manipulating the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2908.2s	2908.2	 facts. And that's what's basically so dirty. It's so dirty. But but the next step in the process is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2913.9s	2913.9	 they then feed these juke stats to these compliant reporters. I mean, the fact that they keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2919.5s	2919.5	 repeating these statistics as going down, when people are stopping reporting crimes, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2925.3s	2925.3	 they will prosecute them, right, and they mischaracterize them. And then they never say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2929.4s	2929.4	 85% of the commuters coming into San Francisco are no longer coming into San Francisco,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2934.6s	2934.6	 and Target announced, like Walgreens that they are either closing stores or reducing the hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2940.2s	2940.2	 because they can't deal with the crime. And they're saying explicitly, this is the highest crime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2944.3s	2944.3	 we've ever seen in any of our stores. And then this crazy communist, are they communists on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2951.1s	2951.1	 left here? CVS Walgreens and Target are all closing stores are reducing store hours,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2956.5s	2956.5	 because they understand the hit to their bottom line. But you have this mantra. It is it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2961.0s	2961.0	 communist like, where it's like the commandments written on the barn in Animal Farm, where it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2967.9s	2967.9	 propaganda that's so at odds with reality. It's just absurd. Okay. It's farcical. It's farcical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2974.1s	2974.1	 But then how do they enforce it? What they say is, anybody who questions this narrative is a bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2979.4s	2979.4	 person is in fact, a racist and a Klansman. So this is the other thing that happened over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2986.7s	2986.7	 the past week is that you had this is crazy. Basically, Michelle Tandler, who is a moderate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2993.2s	2993.2	 and as nice a person as you could ever find. Concerned citizen concerned citizen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=2998.3s	2998.3	 San Francisco born and raised. Yes, who tweeted that all of her friends are thinking about leaving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3003.4s	3003.4	 the city. And then in response to that, you had this this senior policy advisor to Chase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3008.8s	3008.8	 Aboudin who works for the DA's office named Kate Chatfield attacker basically implying her views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3016.1s	3016.1	 were, you know, were KKK values for having the audacity to warn that people are worried about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3024.7s	3024.7	 crime in San Francisco. So she gets attacked by the way, this this Chatfield person, the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3030.2s	3030.2	 of her profile is the clenched fist of the communist revolution. So this is his office.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3036.5s	3036.5	 But but look, it's not just trolling, and it's not even just slander. It's, I think, an abuse of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3043.4s	3043.4	 power for someone in the DA's office to go after and attack a concerned citizen like this. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3049.8s	3049.8	 But this is how the enforced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3051.6s	3051.6	 Can you read the tweet that she did? Do you have that there? Because she basically is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3057.0s	3057.0	 the people who have experienced home invasions are concerned for the safety of their families.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3062.0s	3062.0	 And what this woman did, Michelle, I believe is her name. She just said, like, people are scared
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3067.4s	3067.4	 for their families. And then Kate Chatfield referenced birth of a nation and compared her to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3076.5s	3076.5	 oh, our wives are not safe, because of black people. And that's a KKK.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3086.4s	3086.4	 Yeah, the original name of birth of a nation, I think was the Klansman. Yeah, yeah, it's like a KKK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3090.9s	3090.9	 piece of propaganda. Wow. But it's really outrageous. She just blocked me, Kate Chatfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3096.8s	3096.8	 blocked me. Wow. This is a public policy advisor who's now hiding her account. Well, why I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3103.2s	3103.2	 a public official should not do that. I mean, they should. So this set you off. Let's be let's be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3108.2s	3108.2	 honest. I know Michelle Taylor, she worked at Yammer, you know, and I didn't I thought it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3113.2s	3113.2	 out of bounds for not just a public official, but someone in the DA's office, who did you do? Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3120.6s	3120.6	 you went into revenge mode. Let's be honest. You got a little bit. You were a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3127.6s	3127.6	 tweaked. I donated another $50,000 to the recall chase campaign.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3132.7s	3132.7	 And you dedicated it to Kate. Yeah, this is for you. Yeah, because look, this is threatening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3140.7s	3140.7	 every American should have the right to criticize their government without having its law enforcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3146.7s	3146.7	 arm come down on them. And so here you have a legitimate concern expressed by a private citizen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3153.5s	3153.5	 and the DA's office is coming down on them. That's not acceptable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3157.3s	3157.3	 I think I need to break some news here. I didn't want to talk about this publicly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3161.0s	3161.0	 but I'm so outraged now that I think I should let this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3165.8s	3165.8	 So while I after the week in the weeks after I started that campaign to hire an investigative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3172.4s	3172.4	 journalist for chess's office, this is breaking news. I haven't talked about this publicly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3176.5s	3176.5	 but I'm going to break it now. Do you know who contacted me?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3182.2s	3182.2	 The DA's office. You know what they contacted me about? They were investigating a startup that I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3189.8s	3189.8	 had invested in. I won't say which one. And they wanted to interview me about my involvement with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3197.0s	3197.0	 that startup because that startup had some complaint from a downstream investor who felt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3201.9s	3201.9	 that they were committing some type of fraud or problem. Coincidence? Are you serious? I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3209.2s	3209.2	 dead serious. This is literally becoming Chinatown. They literally tried to intimidate me and I didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3214.5s	3214.5	 want to bring it up. And I talked to the person on the phone, the person from the DA's office who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3219.8s	3219.8	 was investigating this. And he's I was like, Do I need an attorney for this? Why are you calling me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3225.0s	3225.0	 because and he said, Well, you know, we just want to talk to you about this. And I was like, Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3228.8s	3228.8	 no, we have a bunch of questions. And I just said, You know what, subpoena me, I'm not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3232.6s	3232.6	 you know, file something and I'll come in with my attorney to talk to you, but I'm not going to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3237.0s	3237.0	 with you on background. No. So they literally tried to intimidate me, you know what, and I kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3241.4s	3241.4	 of let them because they didn't want to make it public. But I'm making a public now. You should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3245.4s	3245.4	 make it public because public now. Well, because this is two weeks after I said, let's hire the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3250.4s	3250.4	 journalist. It's intimidation tactic. That's intimidation. I will not be intimidated. Chesa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3257.1s	3257.1	 All right. What you can see here is okay, look, I mean, I was intimidated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3265.9s	3265.9	 I'm not going to have me intimidated again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3269.9s	3269.9	 Now that I think about it, like I didn't do anything wrong here. I put 50k I put 50 or 100k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3274.5s	3274.5	 into a company that didn't work out and now some other investors complaining and they're trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3278.3s	3278.3	 tie it back to me somehow. But Jason, of course, you're going to be intimidated. The chief law
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3283.0s	3283.0	 enforcement officer of San Francisco is basically trying to make you the target of an investigation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3288.6s	3288.6	 because of what you said publicly. Of course that is intimidation. Guys, isn't it possible that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3293.6s	3293.6	 they're just interviewing you about a fraud claim? I mean, like, wait, wait, hold on, think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3299.3s	3299.3	 the timing. Freeburg radio, conspiracy theory, like, no, you know, I gotta tell you something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3306.7s	3306.7	 A police officer drove past my house last night. Yeah. Freeburg. Okay. Wait, it's the first and only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3313.0s	3313.0	 time I've ever been contacted by a law enforcement officer over an investment. I'm sure it's just a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3317.0s	3317.0	 coincidence. Stop committing fraud. 350 investments. Listen, Chesa has not had time. He's almost two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3324.0s	3324.0	 years in office now and he has not had time to successfully prosecute one murder trial, not one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3330.5s	3330.5	 but his office has time to run down whatever they're trying to run down with J Cal. They don't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3335.8s	3335.8	 time to prosecute the home invader who broke into Sian Bannister's home. Or Brian's. Or Brian's.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3343.2s	3343.2	 They don't have time to do that, but they somehow have time to contact J Cal. He tweeted the video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3348.1s	3348.1	 Let me explain what's going on here. There's two things going on. I think one of which is becoming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3351.7s	3351.7	 very well understood, but the other one is not. The first one is the Gothamization of San Francisco.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3356.5s	3356.5	 We understand that crime is out of control, cynicism and resignation. People are just kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3361.0s	3361.0	 of given into it. It feels like San Francisco has become Gotham City. These viral videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3366.2s	3366.2	 of the robbers brazenly committing daylight theft. There is no punishment. Beating up UPS drivers in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3371.1s	3371.1	 the street. Beating a UPS driver in the street. Because there is no consequence, okay? But there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3375.2s	3375.2	 a second thing happening, which is the Orwellianization of San Francisco government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3380.2s	3380.2	 and San Francisco politics. You not only have the crime, you've got the brazen lies about the crime.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3386.1s	3386.1	 You've got this insistence on this animal farm commandment that crime is falling. If you question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3392.2s	3392.2	 it, you are a bad clansman. You're a clansman. Then they get the Cape Chat fields to push this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3399.9s	3399.9	 Then they get academics to back this up. They get their friends in the media and in the academy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3407.1s	3407.1	 to give these spurious claims credence. Then the final step is that the rich virtue signallers pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3414.6s	3414.6	 these people off. They pay the protection money. Who's paying off? The Dustin Moskovitzes, the Mike
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3421.2s	3421.2	 Kriegers, the Reed Hastings, and even actually the biggest contributor to Chaser right now is the guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3429.1s	3429.1	 who's under SEC indictment for the Ripple scandal. Oh no. Chris? Yes, exactly. People who need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3437.7s	3437.7	 curry favor either because they've got their own problems or they just like to virtue signal. Chris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3443.3s	3443.3	 Larson. Chris Larson is chess's biggest. Oh wow. That is dark. Brian Sugar released the video and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3451.9s	3451.9	 that person's not going to be prosecuted. I mean, that is the crazy part. You get somebody on camera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3456.5s	3456.5	 and they won't prosecute them. And people forget these are organized gangs that are doing this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3460.9s	3460.9	 This has been proven. This is not a poverty issue. These are not poor people who are stealing bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3465.9s	3465.9	 for their families or trying to make their rent. It's organized gangs. Right. Did you see the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3470.2s	3470.2	 realize the property seven? Did you see the getaway cars for the Neiman Marcus heist? Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3474.2s	3474.2	 they're all like the Mercedes driving great, beautiful cars with their license plates off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3478.6s	3478.6	 This is like mob behavior. And if you give criminals, trust me, I grew up in a criminal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3484.0s	3484.0	 environment in Brooklyn. If you give criminals a window, they will figure it out. You give them an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3490.2s	3490.2	 opportunity. If you give them something to hack, they will hack it. Period. And you basically have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3495.8s	3495.8	 green lighted them. Okay, listen, it's enough of us complaining about this. I am going to stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3501.6s	3501.6	 complaining about this. And I'm moving either to Texas, I'm moving to Texas or to Florida. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3506.5s	3506.5	 making the announcement now. Hold on. Is that for sure? J. Cal? Listen, I, you know, I'm in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3510.9s	3510.9	 partnership and my partner doesn't want to be here anymore. And I'm half and half. So I'm not sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3516.3s	3516.3	 why I'm here anymore. I mean, I think California is my position right now is California is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3520.6s	3520.6	 be on a decade long slide. And I'm working for 10 more years. I decided I'm 50. I decided I'm going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3525.0s	3525.0	 to go to 60. I'm going to try to invest in 100 to 200 companies a year for 10 years, and then I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3529.3s	3529.3	 done. So why would I spend 10 years in a place that is on a debt spiral? Can this be reversed and are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3536.0s	3536.0	 in the next decade? How does it feel to be completely red pilled? I'm purple pilled. I want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3541.8s	3541.8	 live in a I want to live in a reasonable place. And it seems to me that Austin and Miami are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3546.9s	3546.9	 purple, you know, and they're not commune. I don't want to live in a right wing place. All right. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3551.9s	3551.9	 I don't want to live in a communist place. I want to live in an American place. I want to live in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3556.3s	3556.3	 place where Americans can talk about issues without being villainized period. That's why I feel about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3562.5s	3562.5	 this pod. You're not being villainized. Just give me a break. Right? Just be you people really want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3569.7s	3569.7	 to know if you went to dinner with Tucker. Can you just make that statement that you didn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3573.8s	3573.8	 dinner with you? You just made that up. It was a joke. Why can't you admit it? You did or not?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3579.6s	3579.6	 Listen, I have 15 minutes we got to go COVID, Delta, people are panicking. But the numbers keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3588.2s	3588.2	 going straight down. Pfizer says Israel says maybe Pfizer is 65% instead of 94%. 65% seems pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3597.9s	3597.9	 great. We had any risk? Well, okay, let me jump into this because I've been affected personally by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3603.5s	3603.5	 it. So yeah, on the last pod, I did give the stat which was that at that point, the best data we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3611.0s	3611.0	 had even a week ago was that the Pfizer vaccine was holding up pretty well against the Delta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3617.6s	3617.6	 variant. It had reduced the effectiveness from about 95 to 88%. That's sort of the numbers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3622.5s	3622.5	 I think on Monday, Israel released a new study showing that the effectiveness of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3629.3s	3629.3	 Pfizer against Delta had been reduced to 64%. Now, that's against getting symptoms and testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3635.8s	3635.8	 positive. It was still 93% against serious cases requiring hospitalization. But that 93% is down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3642.8s	3642.8	 from 99% plus. So there has been reduced effectiveness by Delta. It is a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3650.3s	3650.3	 concerning. And as if to underscore this point, someone very close to me who was double vaxed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3656.4s	3656.4	 with Pfizer just tested positive. He did test positive. So he woke up yesterday morning with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3666.4s	3666.4	 cold symptoms. He had sore throat, runny nose, and a slight fever, which then graduated into a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3673.4s	3673.4	 headache. He went and got tested, and he tested positive for COVID. So I think he's fine. What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3678.3s	3678.3	 city was he in when this happened? LA. Okay, let me ask a question to Friedberg. Is it not the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3685.0s	3685.0	 possible situation? I know this sounds like a stupid question, but I am the lowest IQ guy on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3689.5s	3689.5	 pod. Is it not the best situation to have the Pfizer or whatever have this amazing, then to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3696.4s	3696.4	 a mild case of COVID and then be doubly protected? Is that in some way an ideal situation if there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3702.6s	3702.6	 no long haul COVID? It's not really clear if that's going to make a difference. You know, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3708.0s	3708.0	 like remember, acquired immunity is on a spectrum, right? So a virus can get in your nose, starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3716.1s	3716.1	 replicating. And if you got a ton of antibodies that immediately get to your nose, it'll shut down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3720.2s	3720.2	 that virus before you experience anything. If that virus gets in your nose and starts replicating,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3724.8s	3724.8	 and you've got your antibodies to that specific virus aren't as concentrated, it's going to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3733.0s	3733.0	 your body a little bit longer to fight off that virus, but you're still well ahead of the game,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3737.7s	3737.7	 is the way to think about it. And so, you know, to some extent, what we're seeing most likely is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3742.5s	3742.5	 this Delta variant having a greater escape velocity from people that have been vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3748.7s	3748.7	 than, you know, the Alpha variant or any of the other variants we've seen. And so as a result,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3754.6s	3754.6	 you know, people are getting to date, luckily, knock on wood, mostly mild and moderate symptoms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3761.3s	3761.3	 and only a minority of people that are exposed are getting, you know, that condition. But it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3766.3s	3766.3	 being tracked really closely. I mean, like, like Zach said, in Israel, they have now said that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3770.7s	3770.7	 you know, if you're vaccinated with Pfizer, double-vaxx with Pfizer, you're now 64%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3777.0s	3777.0	 you know, effective. And you're, you know, that means that if you're exposed to COVID,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3782.1s	3782.1	 there's a chance you can actually get these symptoms. But the hospitalization rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3787.7s	3787.7	 and the fatality rate is still way, way low, because you have built up enough immunity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3792.1s	3792.1	 you've built up enough antibodies to have a good strong defense to keep things from getting out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3795.9s	3795.9	 control. And so knock on wood right now, we're still looking good in terms of fatality and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3799.9s	3799.9	 hospitalizations, but there's certainly, you know, what do you think of this situation?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3804.3s	3804.3	 And Chamath, are markets kind of worrying about this? Because I'm kind of wondering, like, as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3809.4s	3809.4	 market participants see this stuff, are they trading it in a way that's like fearful?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3813.1s	3813.1	 And does this lead to some market conditions in the next couple days and weeks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3816.7s	3816.7	 I mean, I think that there's a very good chance that some politicians are going to try to use this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3823.2s	3823.2	 for another shutdown in the fall. For fuck's sake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3826.7s	3826.7	 I see. I think you're right. And I think the teachers unions, the NEA and the AFT are already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3832.6s	3832.6	 putting all sorts of demands on going back to school. I don't think this dates. So first of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3836.4s	3836.4	 all, I think we have to be intellectually honest that this is a bad data point. This is really the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3840.3s	3840.3	 first bad data point that we've gotten. Until now, all the data has been good. The protection from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3845.8s	3845.8	 the vaccines last longer. It had been completely holding up against the variants. But this data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3850.6s	3850.6	 point from Israel is not a great data point. I want to see more of them, more data. But I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3856.5s	3856.5	 think that this by itself- Wait a second. Didn't Israel only get to like 55, 60% vaccinated?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3863.2s	3863.2	 Oh, no. They're way higher than that. No, no, no. They're way higher than that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3865.9s	3865.9	 Yeah. Half of the infections they're seeing in Israel are children that were not vaccinated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3870.1s	3870.1	 And then the other half are adults. And so if you look at the adult infection rate, it looks like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3876.1s	3876.1	 it's something around 15% of these cases. I forgot the number, but there's some statistic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3885.6s	3885.6	 that shows that it's not the majority being vaccinated. There are unvaccinated people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3889.8s	3889.8	 are- Look, we're going to probably need a booster and we're probably going to be on a cocktail.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3896.0s	3896.0	 But beyond that, I think we need to make a moral decision that we are all getting back to life as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3902.5s	3902.5	 normal. Yeah, 100%. I'm done. I'm not. There will be boosters for sure. Like this fall.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3909.5s	3909.5	 Yeah, exactly. And I think the question about this data is does it warrant a change in policy? And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3914.8s	3914.8	 would say not yet. 100% not yet. I mean, the whole policy idea was ICUs being filled. And if you look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3921.4s	3921.4	 at the stats in the United States at the deaths, we are now at a seven day average of under 200. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3927.2s	3927.2	 think it's 150 deaths per day. Some, again, I'll ask you, Freeberg, how many of those are with COVID
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3933.0s	3933.0	 versus from COVID? Yeah, it's unclear, but like Israel hasn't had a single death in two weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3937.4s	3937.4	 from COVID. Right. And so what are we talking about here? Despite this increase in numbers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3940.8s	3940.8	 it's still a- Right, right. It's not what the media likes to portray, which is variants punching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3946.6s	3946.6	 through, right? I mean, it's not like Delta variant is just sweeping through Israel. Okay. There is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3952.2s	3952.2	 slight increase in cases and we're definitely seeing elevated cases here in the US. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3957.4s	3957.4	 Delta variant is going to become the main, the dominant strain if it isn't already. Look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3961.9s	3961.9	 it's mostly sweeping through areas that have not been vaccinated, but there are now cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3967.9s	3967.9	 I'd say mostly mild cases of people who have been vaccinated. I mean, I think it's all the more reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3973.2s	3973.2	 why if you're an adult, you should get vaccinated. We really do need all adults barring some sort of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3981.4s	3981.4	 highly specific immune condition that were, you need to be on some sort of different treatment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3987.3s	3987.3	 but almost all adults in the US really should get being vaccinated. Otherwise, we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3992.4s	3992.4	 keep having these variants sweep through. I'll tell you, I had a really good conversation with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=3997.7s	3997.7	 an infectious disease doctor yesterday who's a research specialist and well-known in this space,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4002.1s	4002.1	 and he pointed out that the evolutionary cycle of this virus is a function of how many people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4009.4s	4009.4	 not vaccinated because the more bodies the virus has to hop, the faster the virus-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4014.3s	4014.3	 Yes, the more evolution it can do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4016.2s	4016.2	 The more it evolves, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4017.3s	4017.3	 Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4017.6s	4017.6	 And so, certain virologists and epidemiologists will model this where they will highlight the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4024.2s	4024.2	 evolutionary rate of the virus as a function of unvaccinated people getting infected every day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4029.9s	4029.9	 And so, the more people that we get vaccinated, the longer the timeline it takes for the virus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4035.2s	4035.2	 to evolve and get to a breakthrough variant. And so, we need to accelerate and continue to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4039.0s	4039.0	 push people to get vaccinated worldwide to reduce the available pool for evolutionary success of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4044.1s	4044.1	 virus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4044.6s	4044.6	 Yeah. To put it in maybe layman's terms, all these unvaccinated people are basically like a giant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4050.5s	4050.5	 Petri dish for the virus to keep mutating. And we do need, I think, like a Marshall Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4057.4s	4057.4	 to help all these other countries get vaccinated. I mean, I think we have enough vaccines in the US,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4062.5s	4062.5	 but what have we done to help all these other countries? It directly benefits us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4066.6s	4066.6	 if we reduce the size of that Petri dish. This Delta variant came from India. Why? There's like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4072.3s	4072.3	 a billion plus people there for the virus to mutate on. I mean, obviously, with the Petri dish that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4079.3s	4079.3	 big, you're going to get a variant. Now, there's a new variant coming out of Peru, which looks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4083.8s	4083.8	 potentially scary. Now, these are not full breakthrough variants yet, but to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4087.4s	4087.4	 Friedberg's point, it's just a matter of time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4089.4s	4089.4	 You guys want to guess the bottom two states in the country?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4092.9s	4092.9	 I mean, it's just Mississippi, Mississippi and Alabama, Alabama. Exactly. Can you imagine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4098.6s	4098.6	 Mississippi and Alabama 33%? Come on, get your act together. What is it? It's going to whip through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4105.8s	4105.8	 those places and you're all going to die. You're going to kill your grandparents.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4109.4s	4109.4	 Is that an evangelical movement issue?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4111.3s	4111.3	 Is that it's, it's, it's, well, we talked about this in the last pod. There's two groups in America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4115.5s	4115.5	 who are most men. Hold no, let's be more specific. It's evangelicals and African Americans. Those are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4122.3s	4122.3	 the two groups who are most. You keep saying you keep saying and then what is it? How do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4127.7s	4127.7	 pronounce it? Evangelical evangelicals. It's actually male Republicans. Why can't you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4134.0s	4134.0	 that's that you're not being specific enough? Yeah, guys, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta run.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4139.1s	4139.1	 Love you. Free bird. We love you. Free. Love you. Big one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4152.3s	4152.3	 Source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4155.1s	4155.1	 Love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4182.5s	4182.5	 What? You're a bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4184.1s	4184.1	 What? You're a bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4186.1s	4186.1	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNhcA9MpPIU&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=96&t=4188.1s	4188.1	 We need to get merch.
