https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=0.0s	0.0	 He's optimizing the view. I'm optimizing for shade actually.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5.1s	5.1	 I'm trying to get out of the fucking Christ. You look like a moron. I mean, this dipshit showed up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=13.1s	13.1	 He showed up to my beach club yesterday and it was basically like someone had taken a mummy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=18.8s	18.8	 and then wrapped a mummy inside of a white sheet and then presented him at this place.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=23.2s	23.2	 At this place. Oh, he lathered in his like SPF 500. And so I lathered at one point. I said at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=29.1s	29.1	 one point, let's go for a walk. And this asshole had the nerve to grab his cell phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=35.4s	35.4	 and a battery pack for the cell phone. I forced him to leave the phone. He felt naked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=39.4s	39.4	 Then I made him take off his shoes and socks. And then I tried to get him to take a shirt off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=43.5s	43.5	 We got almost all the way there. Yeah, that's that makes sense. All right, everybody. Here we go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=59.5s	59.5	 Crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=65.2s	65.2	 Hey, everybody. Hey, everybody. Welcome to everybody's favorite game show. Guess who's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=70.6s	70.6	 not in Italy. Do do do do with us today. David Sachs, wearing sunglasses with the view of an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=81.0s	81.0	 ocean clearly on a nautical vessel. And I am in an old apartment in the center of Florence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=91.8s	91.8	 And Chamath is at his hideaway somewhere in the countryside. And Friedberg is in front of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=100.5s	100.5	 abstract piece of art. Two people high on crystal meth trying to break into his car in San Francisco.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=108.4s	108.4	 I'm no longer a San Francisco resident. I'm proud and sad to say after 20 years of living in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=115.8s	115.8	 city, I have relocated still in a not to a nondescript location still in California, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=122.7s	122.7	 you're in the Bay Area enough said in the Bay Area. So with us again, obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=126.6s	126.6	 Rain Man, the dictator and back from a week off the Queen of Kenwa. What tell us, Queen, you had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=134.2s	134.2	 a big week, you had some nice ink come out some press about the production board raising some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=139.9s	139.9	 monster round, and you took the week off. Give us the feedback. What was it like taking a week off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=146.6s	146.6	 from the pod? And now you're getting press and you're becoming a public figure. What's it been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=152.4s	152.4	 like for the past week? And tell everybody what went down with this new fund? You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=156.1s	156.1	 my strategy was to take a week off from the pod and then have the ratings go up and then I could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=160.5s	160.5	 quietly and nicely exit as a member of the cast. But unfortunately, I've been drawn as Al Pacino
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=167.3s	167.3	 said, just when I thought I was out, I am back in. So it's I missed you guys. I actually listened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=173.5s	173.5	 to the all in pod for the first time ever last week. You guys did a great job. You've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=177.9s	177.9	 complaining these other last 41 times without even listening to it. You know, I will say I listened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=183.8s	183.8	 to it while we're on it, but this was actually really interesting because I've never actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=189.4s	189.4	 big of you. You're actually listening while we're taping. We do it ourselves. I hear the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=194.7s	194.7	 freaking thing in real life. So listening to it, I found it really entertaining. And I think I have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=200.6s	200.6	 a better appreciation. It's less about some of the points and facts we make, which I've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=205.2s	205.2	 pitching and complaining about the topics and, you know, where we go with the conversation and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=209.5s	209.5	 stuff. But it's just generally just nice to just hear everyone, you know, kind of shoot the shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=214.0s	214.0	 Anyway, good job. So you're saying you're a fan of the all in pod?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=218.5s	218.5	 I might get a wet your beak mug from one of our fans.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=221.4s	221.4	 I have one. I have three. I use it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=224.5s	224.5	 Sadie sent me a whole gift basket from the kid who's paying for college based on our IP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=230.4s	230.4	 It's all good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=233.4s	233.4	 No. So we, yeah, we announced our TBB funding last week too, which I have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=237.3s	237.3	 been running the production board for four years now, a little over four years. It's been my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=242.0s	242.0	 primary vehicle where I've been primarily incubating new businesses and making some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=246.9s	246.9	 investments from the balance sheet. You know, we've raised several rounds of capital over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=252.1s	252.1	 last few years. We've never talked about it publicly. We've never done press around it. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=256.8s	256.8	 as you guys know, the primary reason for going public with it was really just to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=261.4s	261.4	 gain recruit interest in the work that we're doing. So we really want to see great people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=267.0s	267.0	 be made aware of the work we're doing at the production board and at each of our individual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=269.9s	269.9	 businesses so we could start to, you know, at least get folks knowledgeable and aware of us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=275.3s	275.3	 So when we reach out and folks are interested in thinking about what else they might want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=279.4s	279.4	 do with their careers and their lives, you know, we're hopefully there for them. So, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=283.9s	283.9	 it was great. I mean, it's nice to kind of share what we're doing. We also shared five of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=287.2s	287.2	 businesses that we've incubated, several of which have been stealth up until now. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=292.1s	292.1	 one of which, Jason, I think you've kind of referenced in the past, our molecular beverage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=295.4s	295.4	 printing company, Kana. So that one's kind of starting to emerge a little bit more now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=300.2s	300.2	 after several years of R&D and work. So we're kind of making progress now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=304.3s	304.3	 And I'll hopefully have more to share over time in terms of what we're doing. But we're excited.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=309.2s	309.2	 And it's great to have great investors. Yeah, it's a great piece in CNBC by Ari Levy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=314.6s	314.6	 I guess you gave him he's a great journalist, by the way, like old school legit journalist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=319.4s	319.4	 Yeah, I think fan of the pod. How did you pick Ari to be the the vehicle for this to use a PR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=324.3s	324.3	 firm where you just decided I'm going to share it with this one person, we had a mutual person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=328.5s	328.5	 who's in PR who introduces I didn't want to go to a broad PR thing. So I was just kind of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=332.7s	332.7	 let's get you know, I was going to do my medium post, which I wrote it was like a blog post. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=336.3s	336.3	 that was the primary content. And then it was like, let's just find someone good who can kind of at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=340.7s	340.7	 least, you know, push people to that content that can speak well to our business. And you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=344.7s	344.7	 he was recommended. I've never met him before. Great guy. So you know, we just wanted to kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=348.7s	348.7	 of get that one piece done. Anyway, he did a great job. He said he I think he's been on your show,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=352.6s	352.6	 right? If you're on my show, he's been on this week in startups. Yeah. And I see it when I used
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=357.4s	357.4	 to go to CNBC, I would you walk down at one market used to go there, Chamath to and you walk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=364.6s	364.6	 down like a row of journalists. And as you go to get on set, I don't know if this happened to you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=368.6s	368.6	 Chamath, one or two of the journals will intercept you and try to get a story. So he would always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=373.0s	373.0	 stop me, Hey, I heard that Travis that Uber was this or whatever. But great job on the Inc. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=378.9s	378.9	 great to see you, you know, raise 300 million, there was a lot of references to Larry and Sergey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=384.3s	384.3	 and Google, maybe you could tell us what how much who led the round this $300 million round and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=390.2s	390.2	 what's Google's involvement? When I first started the production board, it was my I had made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=394.3s	394.3	 personal investments with my own money and started some businesses with my own money. And I had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=399.1s	399.1	 series of dinners and conversations with Larry Page about like, doing something together with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=403.5s	403.5	 alphabet I knew Larry from my Google days, obviously. And, you know, we ended up kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=409.5s	409.5	 after a bunch of conversations with folks at the level below kind of saying, let's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=413.5s	413.5	 I didn't want to manage a fund. And I didn't want to go work at alphabet. So the idea was I would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=418.1s	418.1	 set up a holding company kind of a permanent company that like any business has a balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=422.3s	422.3	 sheet with cash on it and can do stuff with that money. And alphabet invested in the holding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=427.2s	427.2	 company, they put some cash in this was four years ago, and they became a minority shareholder and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=431.9s	431.9	 had a board seat and I set up a board. And so that's the work and then we've raised another round
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=436.2s	436.2	 since then. And then we just raised this round we announced last week. And so our you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=439.8s	439.8	 the round was I think, I don't know if we announced but it was kind of co led by BlackRock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=444.2s	444.2	 We had, you know, Morgan Stanley, Koch Industries, Bailey Gifford, Allen and Company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=451.0s	451.0	 Foxhaven, AeroMark, just a bunch of really high quality long term institutional investors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=455.1s	455.1	 alphabet put more money in the Gates family office called cascade has been an investor with us for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=460.3s	460.3	 while. So they all put money in into the round. And, you know, it's, it's great because we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=466.7s	466.7	 use that capital to build new businesses and support some of our existing businesses. So some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=471.2s	471.2	 of our businesses are really hard deep tech companies, we don't want to have to go rush out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=475.0s	475.0	 and raise venture money or and we don't want to have an incentive to try and mark the asset up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=479.0s	479.0	 and you know, get a good mark on it. So really, we can use some of our money now to support some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=482.2s	482.2	 of our businesses until they're ready to go commercial or until they're ready to raise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=485.9s	485.9	 outside capital if that makes sense for them not always gonna make sense. And so we have a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=490.3s	490.3	 flexibility. And you own 100% of every business that comes out of here, then you find a management
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=495.5s	495.5	 team as we discussed and then spin them out. Jamof, what do you think of this venture studio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=499.9s	499.9	 approach, which has only really worked for Bill Gross from idea lab, and maybe john borthwick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=505.9s	505.9	 with beta works in New York, and I guess science maybe worked as well with Dollar Shave Club. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=511.3s	511.3	 here you have, you know, I think Friedberg, a great entrepreneur as well. Doing this, what are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=516.6s	516.6	 your thoughts on this studio model going long in building companies in a studio system?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=523.0s	523.0	 Well, I think it means a lot of different things to different people. So I'm not sure,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=526.9s	526.9	 honestly, what a venture studio is. That's different in somebody else's view than what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=532.0s	532.0	 Friedberg is doing. But what I will say is, the different thing that he's doing, which I believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=537.1s	537.1	 in is you have to become extremely hyper focused. You know, I think that there was a moment where if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=543.7s	543.7	 you look at when idea lab was really successful, or when beta works was really successful. In the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=548.6s	548.6	 case of idea labs, they had a very specific prototypical web 1.0 business, beta works had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=553.2s	553.2	 a very prototypical web 2.0 kind of social business. They all work because these guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=557.4s	557.4	 were experts in those things. And so I'm pretty bullish on what Friedberg is doing just because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=562.4s	562.4	 he's not trying to boil the ocean. He's being very specific around, you know, synthetic biology. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=569.0s	569.0	 I think that that is probably what got other people excited because then not only from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=574.6s	574.6	 Friedberg's execution capability, which I really believe in, but then now think about it, if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=578.7s	578.7	 an investor, I don't want to put my money into something that all of a sudden looks like nine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=584.5s	584.5	 other things, where all of a sudden it creates a lot of correlation that I didn't really know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=589.5s	589.5	 existed. Especially when I'm investing hundreds of millions of dollars, it's a very big deal that a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=594.2s	594.2	 lot of investors have. And so when Friedberg can very legitimately say, look, I'm, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=599.5s	599.5	 explicitly focused in this thing. And then he also said, and Friedberg, you may want to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=605.0s	605.0	 about this. And this is the only thing I'm going to focus on. It gives an investor a lot of confidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=610.4s	610.4	 because it's like, here's a really smart guy who's done this before he's going to stay in this swim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=614.0s	614.0	 lane and do something really specific here. And now I can understand how it fits into the rest of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=618.2s	618.2	 my portfolio. So I think that there was a lot of value for investors in a bunch of different ways.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=624.2s	624.2	 So I don't know, I'm super excited. I appreciate that. I mean, I think like one of the things that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=628.9s	628.9	 mattered to me, Jason, and the way I kind of frame it, like a lot of people think, oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=632.7s	632.7	 venture studio, it's about how many things you crank out. That's like Y Combinator's model.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=636.8s	636.8	 For me, it's not about how many businesses you start. It's about absolute value creation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=641.0s	641.0	 So you have to do the things that you have the resourcing to do with the objective being to drive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=647.3s	647.3	 business value as a whole. So that means doing one thing, doing three things, doing five things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=652.1s	652.1	 It's not about how many things, whatever the right balance is. It's not about just cranking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=656.2s	656.2	 out businesses because each one of these things, we have to continue to be active,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=659.8s	659.8	 and we need to continue to build. And when we start a business, we reserve a good chunk of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=664.4s	664.4	 business as equity for the team that works on it. So it's not like we're 100% owners, right? We've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=668.8s	668.8	 got to get the right people. They've got to feel like and act like owners in that business with us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=672.7s	672.7	 You wind up owning 50% or ballpark 40%. What do you think?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=676.3s	676.3	 It actually varies quite a bit. So, you know, without getting into too many details, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=679.8s	679.8	 you know, when we start the business, we're the majority owner. And in many cases, when we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=683.2s	683.2	 brought in other investors over time, we get diluted down to become a minority owner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=687.3s	687.3	 So 30% or something like that, like if you did the series A or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=691.1s	691.1	 But in many cases, we end up being, you know, we want to continuously fund some of these businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=697.5s	697.5	 because it may not make sense to bring in outside investors. And we'll continue to be the majority
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=702.3s	702.3	 owner. But we create an independent board, we make sure that the team feels like it's an independent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=706.6s	706.6	 business. And we give them a lot of infrastructure and tooling, finance, HR, legal facilities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=711.3s	711.3	 support, recruiting support, etc. And obviously templates for how to succeed and playbooks and so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=716.8s	716.8	 on. So that's a lot of what I would call our platform value. Amazing. Another bestie housekeeping.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=723.9s	723.9	 By the way, David Sachs is an investor in TPB. I don't know if you guys knew that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=728.7s	728.7	 So good job, Sachs. Good job, Sachs. Is that another unicorn for me?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=732.3s	732.3	 Technically, yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=736.2s	736.2	 Look at you. Well, in other news, Sachs, this is like the victory lap episode. Sachs, you announced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=745.8s	745.8	 your closing $1.1 billion with a B in crafts third fund. And explicitly talking about focus to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=754.9s	754.9	 Chumot's point, explicit focus on marketplaces and sass. Maybe you could explain how long it took you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=761.1s	761.1	 to raise the 1.1 billion. I think the first one was 300 million, the second was 600 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=766.3s	766.3	 So you're basically doubling each time? Almost. I mean, the first one was 350. Second fund was 510.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=771.8s	771.8	 This one is 1.12 billion. It's going to be 612 million for venture, which is C,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=779.3s	779.3	 series A, series B, and 510 for growth. And yeah, we are focused on sass and marketplaces. I kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=786.4s	786.4	 of run the sass practice. And my thesis is really the same as it was when I was doing Yammer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=791.8s	791.8	 which is apply consumer growth tactics to enterprise software, make it go viral inside companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=798.2s	798.2	 sell it bottom up through the average employee as opposed to top down through the CIO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=803.1s	803.1	 And then the other GP in the fund, Jeff Floor, is focused on marketplaces. He was the founder,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=810.4s	810.4	 CEO of StubHub, which was one of the original ecommerce marketplaces on the web. And so he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=816.7s	816.7	 leads the marketplace practice. And those are also, I would say, along with sass, marketplaces are the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=822.6s	822.6	 best kind of internet businesses to create. And so we've just decided to focus on those two areas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=829.8s	829.8	 And that's kind of enough of the world for us. And in related news, your project, Call-In,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=837.5s	837.5	 which is a podcasting plus casual audio application has been doing great in beta.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=844.0s	844.0	 And I am proud to announce that we had a small allocation for our syndicate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=849.3s	849.3	 thesyndicate.com, which is my syndicate, and then the all in syndicate, which we created as a lark.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=854.7s	854.7	 Between those two syndicates, my syndicate had 900 requests to invest over I think $7 million. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=863.2s	863.2	 had a small $1 million allocation. And we did basically did a lottery. So something like one in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=869.7s	869.7	 I don't know, seven or six got in. And then the all in syndicate also filled up and then the all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=875.2s	875.2	 in syndicate, no carry, no fees, everybody gets a free ride. Thanks to David Sachs. And that's our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=881.8s	881.8	 first all in syndicate, chipping away at my core business and eating my lunch. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=887.1s	887.1	 And that the all in syndicate is going to be $250,000. So it's $251,000 checks with no fee,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=895.4s	895.4	 no carry. And we're the company is paying the administrative expense of that. We just want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=900.8s	900.8	 let you know, 250 of our listeners what their beaks. Yep. So and is it open yet, Sachs? Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=907.8s	907.8	 can anyone download the app and use it yet? No, it's still in private beta. We're going to open up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=912.2s	912.2	 soon. You know, we'll certainly better. I was looking at it the other day. It's getting really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=916.3s	916.3	 tight. I mean, can I talk a little bit about it? Or do you not want to keep it? Yeah, go for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=920.2s	920.2	 Yeah. Well, I mean, here's the here's the genius of it. And I mean, that's sincerely,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=925.8s	925.8	 not just because you gave me an allocation, but clubhouse, when you go to clubhouse,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=931.4s	931.4	 if you miss the great conversation, it's gone. And clubhouse has really bad audio quality and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=937.4s	937.4	 the rooms are and there's really, you know, there's clubs as a concept. But in call in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=943.4s	943.4	 everybody creates a show, then the show is syndicated to an RSS feed, like a podcast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=949.0s	949.0	 So you can basically start your own podcast with no staff, no post production, you just talk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=955.8s	955.8	 and then it goes out to an RSS feed. So we're thinking David and I have doing like a post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=961.7s	961.7	 show after all in like two days after just to talk to the fans and do like a little private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=966.2s	966.2	 group thing. But it's kind of like a really nice overlap of podcasting. And yeah, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=972.0s	972.0	 I was gonna say it's basically long tail podcasting, using social audio as the gateway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=978.6s	978.6	 drug to, you know, to long tail podcasting. Is the company worth 4 billion yet? Have we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=984.6s	984.6	 have we internally marked up the round four times? Like in recent hours? David clubhouse,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=990.7s	990.7	 let me ask them to get your mouth in the conversation. What do you think of a venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=994.2s	994.2	 firm making a seed investment at 100 million, then a billion, then at 4 billion for a product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1001.8s	1001.8	 that you know, it's largely sideways. This is like internal three bets, and marking it up 10x and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1008.1s	1008.1	 then 4x. So 40x lift over three rounds. What do we think of this? I think the best venture firms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1017.1s	1017.1	 shouldn't give a shit about any company. And I don't think that they really do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1023.8s	1023.8	 Because if they're very savvy, they should be doing exactly what Andreessen. You've seen the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1031.0s	1031.0	 articles about tiger, you've seen all these other folks. The real question is maybe if you want,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1037.1s	1037.1	 can you please explain what they're doing? And what they're doing is, to me, if you understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1045.0s	1045.0	 the investing landscape makes a ton of sense, which is technology used to be the small niche.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1051.5s	1051.5	 And so we used to only get you know, when I started social capital, there was probably 25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1056.2s	1056.2	 to $30 billion a year flowing into venture just in 2011. Fast forward a decade, we have like $120
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1063.0s	1063.0	 billion a year going into tech and it's going up like crazy. And if you're the best brands,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1071.2s	1071.2	 you're going to get the overwhelming amount of interest from people who want to get into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1075.0s	1075.0	 the asset class as the asset class expands, right? So if all of a sudden, you know, you decided to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1080.5s	1080.5	 invest in private equity when private equity was going bonkers, you're not going to take as much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1085.4s	1085.4	 of a shot on an emerging manager, you're going to want to take a shot on Blackstone or KKR,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1090.7s	1090.7	 right? And that's what's allowed those folks Carlisle to scale AUM just unbelievably Blackstone,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1096.9s	1096.9	 I think, under management, exactly half a trillion dollars now at Blackstone. Similarly, there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1103.4s	1103.4	 these indelible brands in venture. And when everybody realizes they need to be long tech,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1110.3s	1110.3	 they jump in. Now, when they do that, you have to understand who these people are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1115.0s	1115.0	 there are two things that matter. One, they are people like pension funds. And their hurdle rate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1122.1s	1122.1	 meaning, you know, what are they trying to do better than in terms of a rate of return
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1127.6s	1127.6	 is in the low to mid single digits. That's really important to know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1131.4s	1131.4	 Nine percent, 10%? Not even. Not even. Not even. Not even. Five percent, six percent. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1137.3s	1137.3	 And then the second thing you need to know is that these guys have so much money that they would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1140.7s	1140.7	 rather when they spend an hour meeting with you, they'd rather give you a $50 million check than a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1145.8s	1145.8	 $5 million check. A $5 million check just compounds their problems. So if you put these two things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1150.4s	1150.4	 together, it makes a ton of sense for companies like Andreessen to now focus on the velocity of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1156.2s	1156.2	 money. Raise a fund, put the money to work, raise a new fund in a very systematic way that everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1162.7s	1162.7	 can understand and can predict. So that Andreessen can tell their LPs on a calendar, guys, I'm going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1167.6s	1167.6	 to be back to you in 18 months. Guys, I'm going to be back to you in a year and be able to scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1172.4s	1172.4	 the capital. And I think if you look at it in that framework, it explains Andreessen, it explains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1177.7s	1177.7	 Excel, it explains Sequoia. And by the way, it's a brilliant strategy because these guys still make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1184.2s	1184.2	 two and a half percent on the money. They end up returning the market beta, meaning what the average
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1191.0s	1191.0	 market would do anyways, plus a little bit of alpha, right? So they'll still do a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1196.2s	1196.2	 better than the market, which means they'll be able to raise money infinitely. So if I'm Andreessen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1200.2s	1200.2	 and I've had a- Do you mean the public market or the venture market? So venture market typically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1204.1s	1204.1	 does 20%? No, but that'll decay, right? So that'll decay down to 10% or 12%. But my point is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1211.8s	1211.8	 it's still better than the 5% or 6% these pension funds and other folks need to earn. So today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1217.3s	1217.3	 the goal of every fund that's successful that has a brand, David's included, should be do good deals,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1224.6s	1224.6	 make sure you're in things that can work. And the thing that David has, which other folks know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1230.2s	1230.2	 is David can help make things work when they're not necessarily obvious, but then pound the money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1235.2s	1235.2	 in and then raise more money as fast as you can. Because then, you know, it helps the investor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1240.6s	1240.6	 that's what they want, and they're happy to pay you. And then for you, the GP, you start to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1245.3s	1245.3	 enormous fees and the whole cycle works. So for Andreessen, I think that's the calculus. It's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1252.5s	1252.5	 shit, if I can put 100 million in, that's 100 million less I have in my fund. Now I can go,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1257.5s	1257.5	 I'm 100 million closer to raising the new fund. Okay, now the criticism has been, Friedberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1263.0s	1263.0	 I'll go to you. It's bad hygiene for the same firm to mark up the same product three times,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1271.5s	1271.5	 in this case, you know, clubhouse, what's in it clubhouse. So is that a warning sign for you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1278.2s	1278.2	 that it's a bubble or it's kind of the worst case I've heard is like marking up your own book,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1283.3s	1283.3	 self dealing, whatever. How do you look at that issue, Friedberg, and then I'll go to you, Sachs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1288.8s	1288.8	 Well, if it were SpaceX, you would look like a genius. So, you know, I think we can criticize it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1297.1s	1297.1	 until what's out, or what's out. And Sequoia has done this many times where they've been the lead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1302.9s	1302.9	 in multiple rounds in the company, and they have high conviction in the quality of a business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1306.5s	1306.5	 and they don't want to bring other investors in. And when you have high conviction, and you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1310.2s	1310.2	 continuously buy more of the stock and buy more of the company and be a bigger owner,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1314.6s	1314.6	 and then it works out, you look like a freaking genius. And so I don't want to criticize the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1319.4s	1319.4	 investing style of these guys. I mean, time will tell if they made good bets or not as a whole.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1325.4s	1325.4	 You can kind of make the case maybe that they're trying to be asset managers and drive assets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1329.6s	1329.6	 under management up and gain more fees. But I think LPs are a little shrewder than that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1333.0s	1333.0	 We'll kind of take a smarter look at that. At the end of the day, the guys that are known for doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1337.4s	1337.4	 this, like Sequoia and Founders Fund and others have had incredible returns by doing exactly this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1342.9s	1342.9	 So the strategy does work. And, you know, you just have to have to do it with the right businesses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1348.0s	1348.0	 And that I think that will, you know, demonstrate the quality of your investing acumen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1353.3s	1353.3	 All right, Sachs, any further thoughts on that? The marking up your own book? Is that something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1357.5s	1357.5	 you plan on doing with this new fund and having the growth? And how would you look at, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1362.4s	1362.4	 Colin starts getting some traction. Does that mean your growth fund is going to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1367.1s	1367.1	 mark it up and take that those shares? Or do you think that it's better hygiene to have the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1372.2s	1372.2	 price it? Well, I guess it just depends. I mean, the growth fund does give us the ability to double
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1378.1s	1378.1	 down at a later stage on our own early stage companies. But you do have to be really sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1382.4s	1382.4	 when you do that, because it does, you know, it certainly raises questions if you're wrong,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1388.6s	1388.6	 right, that you wouldn't have with any other investments. So it just it definitely raises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1392.7s	1392.7	 the stakes. You have to be really certain, I guess. But, you know, if Colin's a big hit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1397.9s	1397.9	 do we go raise, you know, a growth round? Yeah. And now I think what we might do in that case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1402.6s	1402.6	 because we incubated it is we'd let somebody else lead the round, and then we would participate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1406.9s	1406.9	 So you have some third party setting the price, because we incubated the company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1411.6s	1411.6	 And frankly, that's what we did with the round that you just participated in is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1416.2s	1416.2	 craft participated, but we did not set the terms. It was actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1419.9s	1419.9	 Goldcrest and Sequoia co led the round with craft.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1424.3s	1424.3	 When you incubate a company like that, let me ask another technical question,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1428.2s	1428.2	 because the audience last week, or in the week before really responded well to us talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1432.8s	1432.8	 this as opposed to COVID and Delta variant, which we'll talk about at the end of the show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1438.1s	1438.1	 For those people, you can basically turn off the show at 50 minutes or 75 minutes when we talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1442.3s	1442.3	 about the impact of the pandemic. But and I'm hoping you're thinking right now about who's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1448.2s	1448.2	 in Italy, I hope we'll get back to that. When you incubate a company like that, who owns the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1453.8s	1453.8	 original founder shares craft, the organization, David Sachs, the individual came up with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1459.7s	1459.7	 What's the inside baseball there? So it's sort of all the above. And we meaning craft, have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1468.2s	1468.2	 deal with our LPs, that's called an LPA, limited partner agreement. And one of the things that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1473.2s	1473.2	 negotiated when I founded craft four years ago, was the terms on which craft would incubate deals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1480.0s	1480.0	 And, and so it's all predetermined what I get as a founder, what what our funds get, what the LPs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1487.7s	1487.7	 get, so there can be no argument about it later. And this is this call it, well, we've actually done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1495.8s	1495.8	 now we have a few incubations in development. You know, for me, it's really important to scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1502.0s	1502.0	 that product itch, you know, I'm originally a product guy. And, and I, you know, I love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1507.8s	1507.8	 investing in helping companies, but occasionally, about, I'd say, maybe once a year, I get a product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1513.2s	1513.2	 idea that I think is worth developing. And so this gives us the ability to incubate it. So we did it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1517.8s	1517.8	 a few years ago with a crypto company called Harbor, we ended up selling that company to BitGo,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1522.6s	1522.6	 which just announced the largest acquisition of a crypto company, Galaxy is acquiring it for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1528.5s	1528.5	 something like 1.2 billion. So anyway, so Harbor, I think, will work out, you know, once that deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1534.6s	1534.6	 closes. And Collins, the second one, there's a couple other things that are still, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1540.0s	1540.0	 they're too early to talk about. But, but I think Colin will be the second one to launch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1545.3s	1545.3	 Chamath as an LP and a lot of funds, what do you think when somebody comes to you and says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1550.2s	1550.2	 I want to in my LPA, my limited partner agreement, have the ability to incubate these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1555.0s	1555.0	 companies that a good trend bad trend? How do you think about it? I think it's great. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1560.0s	1560.0	 I don't really, you know, push back on a single term in any LPA, because I'm only doing it mostly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1565.8s	1565.8	 to support people. And so whatever terms they want, they get from me. And, you know, kind of just like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1573.7s	1573.7	 let them go and hope they get lucky, you know, I have a very different approach to, to these kinds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1578.8s	1578.8	 of things, because I'm not necessarily trying to compound my capital, I'm just there to sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1582.6s	1582.6	 enable folks and, you know, take 1% of the fund or sometimes a little bit more if I really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1588.6s	1588.6	 have an asymmetric view on a specific thing that they're doing, but otherwise, I just take 1%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1593.0s	1593.0	 sign the thing and you know, wish them wish them the best and then try to support them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1600.4s	1600.4	 And that's all I'm trying to do if I believe in what how they're investing and the deals they've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1605.2s	1605.2	 done. You know, however they do it is up is fine with me. I want to go back to something which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1610.0s	1610.0	 I actually think it's not a question of hygiene. It's really a question of governance, because when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1615.0s	1615.0	 you do these things, and you mark these companies up, the real question if a company stops working,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1620.4s	1620.4	 is they tend to have too much money. And then they tend to not have enough governance. And the reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1625.8s	1625.8	 is because governance typically comes with board diversity and board diversity comes with more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1630.8s	1630.8	 and different investors who have different, you know, puts and takes at any given point in time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1637.3s	1637.3	 that diversity is very helpful to keep everybody on the same page and to actually get a decent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1642.9s	1642.9	 outcome when things aren't working as much now when things are working. Obviously, nobody cares,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1647.4s	1647.4	 you know, because like you can just have Jim gets on the board of WhatsApp with Jan, and it's all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1651.8s	1651.8	 kind of said and done. It's not been to the right. So as we're saying, when things are when things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1656.5s	1656.5	 are good, nobody complains. Yeah. No, and you know, this may be a good jumping off point for,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1662.2s	1662.2	 you know, we wanted to talk about zymogen today. Can I say one thing for against zymogen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1665.8s	1665.8	 which is just look, I think there's all sorts of new models now with with this sort of tech,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1670.7s	1670.7	 and the money going into tech, the venture capital exploding. There's all these innovative new models,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1675.3s	1675.3	 I think it's all for the good. A studio that I think is great is what Jack Abraham's done with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1681.8s	1681.8	 atomic. You know, they produced multiple unicorns out of there because Jack is just a phenomenal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1687.7s	1687.7	 idea guy. He's like a 10x idea guy. So he then as part of atomic comes up with the idea and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1694.4s	1694.4	 brings on an operating partner and that model works for them. And then, you know, he just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1698.6s	1698.6	 partnered with Keith raboi on open store. And Keith decided to become the CEO. And Keith is still a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1705.3s	1705.3	 GP at Founders Fund. So we're seeing like the blending of these models, you know, it used to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1710.1s	1710.1	 be that you made the decision to become a VC and your career as a founder was just over it was like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1716.1s	1716.1	 this line that could never be crossed again. And now you're seeing the blurring of these lines. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1722.2s	1722.2	 look, I think it's good for everybody because frankly, when you know, Keith or, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1727.6s	1727.6	 what I'm doing with Colin, we remind people that we're still founders and product people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1733.3s	1733.3	 And you know, not just sort of semi retired guys. And frankly, it's like it's good for what we do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1738.4s	1738.4	 as investors. I mean, we saw it with Mike Spicer, who is a partner at Sutter Hill, he incubated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1744.5s	1744.5	 it started and was the original head of snowflake, which was a man for that he's this is his third.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1750.5s	1750.5	 So, you know, he did pure storage, he did snowflake, I think he did lace works. Incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1755.8s	1755.8	 He's incredible. He's just incredible money. And just just just folks that don't know snowflake,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1760.7s	1760.7	 you know, it's an enterprise software company, they make software. So he's a venture capitalist,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1765.1s	1765.1	 he started this company while working as a venture capitalist. They brought on a great CEO,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1769.6s	1769.6	 some incredible guy later, who's Frank Slootman, who's a legend. And the company just went public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1775.4s	1775.4	 last year, I think, or the year before, and they're worth $82 billion today. And so it really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1780.8s	1780.8	 highlights it while this guy is still operating as a venture capitalist and a GP, he's been able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1785.1s	1785.1	 generate incredible returns for his fund and build amazing businesses at the same time. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1791.0s	1791.0	 I mean, Spicer Spicer is a perfect example, because I, I've known him since like the early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1796.2s	1796.2	 2000s. And at one point, Spicer started this consumer company called Bix. And I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1802.6s	1802.6	 we were like an investor, I was a small investor in Bix. And, and it got a I think it got acquired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1807.7s	1807.7	 by Yahoo. And it was always curious, because like Spicer was clearly the smartest one in the room.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1812.6s	1812.6	 And it's like, he was kind of grinding this consumer thing. And then he left Yahoo,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1817.9s	1817.9	 went to Sutter Hill, and he basically said, you know what, fuck this, I'm going back to my roots,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1821.3s	1821.3	 because before that, he was a pretty traditional enterprise guy. And he just crushed it. It's kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1826.6s	1826.6	 of like Michael Jordan was finally like, fuck baseball, I'm going back to basketball. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1831.3s	1831.3	 it's like Reid Hoffman and Neil Boussori at Greylock, right? I mean, these guys are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1835.3s	1835.3	 incredible operators, business builders, and they continue to do that work while,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1839.7s	1839.7	 while being partners in the venture. We have three directions we can go moving on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1843.3s	1843.3	 Zymergen. Zymergen is so interesting. I think we should do it. Okay, let's do Zymergen. I agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1848.6s	1848.6	 Alright, so for people who don't know, Zymergen went public at $31 a share in April,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1853.7s	1853.7	 traded as high as $48. Shortly after that, I had the CEO on my podcast. And I was confounded trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1862.2s	1862.2	 to understand the business. You had told me I had asked you for some questions, Freeberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1867.5s	1867.5	 and you gave me some choice statements of what to ask. Which I can I say?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1872.4s	1872.4	 No, I don't think so.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1874.4s	1874.4	 Anyway, you gave me some choice questions. I didn't ask them exactly the way you said them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1878.9s	1878.9	 But here is the quote of what happened on Tuesday. Zymergen stated the following Zymergen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1884.5s	1884.5	 recently became aware of issues with its commercial product pipeline that will impact the company's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1890.1s	1890.1	 delivery timeline and revenue projections. Accordingly, the company no longer expects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1894.7s	1894.7	 product revenue in 2021 and expects proven product revenue to be immaterial in 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1901.8s	1901.8	 They also announced that the founding CEO Josh Hoffman, who was on this week in startups to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1907.2s	1907.2	 maybe a month ago, stepping down as CEO will be replaced. And Zymergen stock then dropped 70%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1915.1s	1915.1	 on the news. I don't know if this was a SPAC or not. SoftBank hyped them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1918.0s	1918.0	 It was a straight IPO and the stock dropped 80% yesterday. 80% a day after going public three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1923.4s	1923.4	 months ago. Yeah. So I think freeburg a good way to start would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1927.8s	1927.8	 what did they say they were going to do? And then why has this happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1932.2s	1932.2	 So Zymergen and a couple companies like them started around the same time, which is around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1937.3s	1937.3	 2014, 2013, 2012, that era 2015 even. And the promise of these companies is truly to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1945.8s	1945.8	 everyone wants to be this platform for synthetic biology. And what that means is they can take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1950.4s	1950.4	 cells and in a smart way, edit the cells and get those cells to make things that humans need.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1956.5s	1956.5	 And so you can kind of think about making materials like silk and leather and plastics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1961.2s	1961.2	 And you can think about making food like egg proteins and milk proteins and so on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1965.4s	1965.4	 And you can think about making industrial products, enzymes and things that might be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1969.4s	1969.4	 used in laundry detergent and other applications. And so for years, we've gotten DNA sequencing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1975.9s	1975.9	 cheaper. We now have DNA writing and editing cheaper. We've now got other tools to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1980.6s	1980.6	 screen cells. So we have the set of tools where the synthetic biology platform companies popped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1987.0s	1987.0	 up and said, you know, we're going to put all these tools together and build a platform for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1991.1s	1991.1	 editing cells and doing a better job of making things. And we're going to get into all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1994.5s	1994.5	 markets. And Zymergen when they first started were like several other companies like them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=1999.8s	1999.8	 a services business. So they would go to big partners like DuPont and say, hey, let us make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2004.1s	2004.1	 a new enzyme for you, pay us $25 million upfront, and then we'll get a royalty on the back end when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2009.1s	2009.1	 that product eventually goes to market. And they did that for years. They went after insecticidal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2013.4s	2013.4	 products. They went after plastics and materials and all sorts of stuff. And as is the case with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2019.9s	2019.9	 a lot of deep tech, it turns out it's really frigging hard. You know, these tools might be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2023.7s	2023.7	 there. But like we saw with the clean tech era where everyone thought they could make oil from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2028.0s	2028.0	 sugar cane, you know, 20 years ago, using the same sort of approach to get the unit economics,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2033.4s	2033.4	 meaning can you make the product cheap enough? It's really, really hard. That means you got to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2036.9s	2036.9	 get these cells to be just perfect and you got to get the systems to be perfect. And so at the end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2040.7s	2040.7	 of the day, they went through a lot of customers at Zymergen that paid them tens of millions of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2044.6s	2044.6	 dollars. And Zymergen didn't have anything at the end of the projects to say, here's something that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2049.2s	2049.2	 works that you guys are willing to pay for that you're going to go take to market because it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2052.1s	2052.1	 really wasn't that compelling. The unit economics weren't good enough. And it didn't really have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2055.8s	2055.8	 big breakthroughs for any big industry. And so Zymergen, like other companies in the space,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2061.3s	2061.3	 pivoted and said, you know what, we're going to now be a products company. So we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2065.1s	2065.1	 make our own products instead of just being a services company. And as they started to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2068.6s	2068.6	 into that, they decided that their first big product would be this kind of, you know, plastic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2074.3s	2074.3	 for cell phones or what have you, protective film. And in the meantime, what happened is it takes so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2080.5s	2080.5	 much money to do all this R&D, to run all these labs, to have all these robotic arms that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2084.4s	2084.4	 have that are moving test tubes around hundreds of people building and running these labs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2088.7s	2088.7	 And so they've had to raise money. And in order to raise money, as you guys know, you have to kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2092.8s	2092.8	 of hype the story. You have to say, look, we're going to change the world. We're reinventing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2096.2s	2096.2	 everything. We're using synthetic biology to rebuild everything, yada, yada. And the story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2101.3s	2101.3	 resonates with me because I truly do believe that the potential is there. But the timing and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2104.9s	2104.9	 sequencing of these things is hard, as is the case with a lot of deep tech companies. When you get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2109.7s	2109.7	 too far ahead of the curve, and you start saying, I'm going to do X, Y, and Z, but you can really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2113.8s	2113.8	 only do A, B, and C today. You raise money saying I'm worth billions of dollars. You raise hundreds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2118.6s	2118.6	 of millions of dollars. And the hype has to keep stepping up. And they eventually got into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2122.2s	2122.2	 trap that a lot of companies got into, which is taking money from SoftBank. And SoftBank said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2126.2s	2126.2	 here's $400 million at a $3 billion valuation a few years ago. And they said, great, let's run at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2131.4s	2131.4	 it. Let's be a products company. And they burnt through a lot of that money. And suddenly, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2134.9s	2134.9	 didn't have any products to show because deep tech is hard. It took a lot longer than anyone thought.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2138.8s	2138.8	 And what will, you know, we better try and craft a narrative and get public. And so they did that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2143.7s	2143.7	 They got public. And, you know, a lot of what they had been telling people was coming, was coming,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2149.1s	2149.1	 it's going to be here soon. Didn't really work. So they had to pivot the business. They had to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2152.8s	2152.8	 become a products company. They kept telling folks they were going to be X, Y, and Z months away.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2157.4s	2157.4	 And they were going to be able to hit these targets on the product. And it turns out it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2160.2s	2160.2	 was always a little bit further away, a little bit further away. And then boom, they have a big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2164.5s	2164.5	 board review recently. And they look at the product pipeline, and they look at where they are. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2167.5s	2167.5	 they're like, Oh, this really isn't going to work. And the whole thing, you know, falls apart,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2172.4s	2172.4	 because everyone was banking on this massive return. And everyone missed the story,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2176.3s	2176.3	 which is that they've been doing this for many years, and had to eventually abandon and pivot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2180.6s	2180.6	 away from their business because no one was willing to pay them for it. So truly, they never found
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2184.7s	2184.7	 product market fit in their first generation of their business. And they never found product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2188.2s	2188.2	 market fit in the second generation of the business. And it's really worth taking a watchful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2193.8s	2193.8	 eye based on this learning, which is just a fundamental basic premise for starting a company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2198.6s	2198.6	 Do you have product market fit? And can you make money from your product? And if you can't answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2203.0s	2203.0	 those two things, there isn't a business. And then the third thing is how valuable the company is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2206.8s	2206.8	 function of how much you can grow. And so you know, they really hadn't even gotten past phase one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2211.6s	2211.6	 and everyone kind of wanted to believe the hype. So it's a bit disappointing to see, but it's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2216.6s	2216.6	 going to impact the industry broadly. Because now people are going to say a lot of synthetic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2219.8s	2219.8	 biology companies are smoking mirrors, and they're really not there yet. So a lot of folks in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2223.8s	2223.8	 industry are really concerned right now. So to dovetail this with the previous discussion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2227.8s	2227.8	 Sachs funding your own company overfunding of companies, we talked about hey, if it goes well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2233.4s	2233.4	 like WhatsApp did, well, you're a genius. But if it doesn't go well, and you get ahead of your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2239.5s	2239.5	 skis, you don't have product market fit, and you've raised a bunch of money, then somebody becomes the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2244.0s	2244.0	 bag holder. No, Jason, it's it's even it's even bigger than that. It's not just that it happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2249.0s	2249.0	 just in the private markets. And we then you had JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs take them public.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2254.6s	2254.6	 And then they raised, you know, another half a billion dollars in the public markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2259.0s	2259.0	 and then they shot the bet. Right. And we see the same thing. This is the same week that Nikola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2265.1s	2265.1	 founder who went out by SPAC and was going to compete with Tesla and Ford. There he's now under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2272.7s	2272.7	 indictment for lying and selling shares also known as security fraud. Probably going to go to jail,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2278.4s	2278.4	 had him on the podcast that was underwhelming. So Sachs, when we look at these, which is it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2285.2s	2285.2	 should we on a hygiene basis, be throttling these companies and have milestone based financing? Or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2291.8s	2291.8	 are is this the sign of a top in the market that people are able to go public, people are being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2296.1s	2296.1	 given large amounts of money by SoftBank? And these things, probably people should pump the brakes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2300.9s	2300.9	 Yeah, look, SoftBank is engaged in a style of investing that we would never engage in. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2307.0s	2307.0	 absolutely antithetical to the way that we invest, right? They're making $500 million seed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2311.7s	2311.7	 investments in massively overvalued companies. You know, we are one of the reasons why we like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2318.5s	2318.5	 Sachs and Marketplace, Sachcraft is they're very milestone based. I mean, you know, if we invest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2324.0s	2324.0	 before you have a functional product, it's going to be at a seed valuation, you know, like a 10 cap,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2329.4s	2329.4	 $10 million valuation, not in the billions, like, you know, like Zymogen. And, you know, we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2336.5s	2336.5	 to do a series A by and large, we need to see some revenue, you know. And then, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2341.4s	2341.4	 if we're going to do a growth round, we need to see more revenue and more customers. And so, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2346.2s	2346.2	 know, you show incremental progress, you know, we're engaged in milestone based investing where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2351.7s	2351.7	 the amount of money you raise and the valuation, you're able to get scales with the amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2357.1s	2357.1	 proof that you have delivered, you know, to investors about the company. And the crazy thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2363.0s	2363.0	 about these like spectacular implosions, and they're usually around deep tech, is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2368.2s	2368.2	 these entrepreneurs can tell a story. And people just seem to suspend belief and don't demand any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2373.3s	2373.3	 proof for years and years. So it was there and it was Nikola and now Zymogen. And I think by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2380.5s	2380.5	 deep tech is it's not that we should dismiss technically difficult problems, we should engage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2386.7s	2386.7	 and fund and build great businesses that are technically difficult. How much should we fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2391.4s	2391.4	 for how many months or quarters? What is the best practice here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2396.6s	2396.6	 What's important is, you know, what is the representation that's being made? And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2401.0s	2401.0	 there's only one hype man on planet Earth that is good enough to pull this off and actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2406.4s	2406.4	 deliver the goods at the end of the day. It's probably Elon, like, because, you know, he funded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2410.6s	2410.6	 these businesses that were deep tech businesses, Tesla and SpaceX for many, many years, he was able
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2415.4s	2415.4	 to get investors excited. He funded them himself. He funded himself. But remember, most of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2420.8s	2420.8	 capital, he put in sub capital, but the vast majority billion. No, no, with Tesla, he put in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2424.9s	2424.9	 50 million and went bankrupt. He went bankrupt. He was living off a $200,000 loan from a billionaire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2432.3s	2432.3	 friend of ours. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no, no. Sorry. Beep that part out. You're not allowed to say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2437.1s	2437.1	 sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Elon only self funded the first couple hundred million of these companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2441.8s	2441.8	 He delivered revenue very early on. You remember at Tesla, he first developed the sports car,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2447.0s	2447.0	 Roadster. And that was real $150,000. He sold 100 in advance, not dissimilar to Virgin Galactic's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2456.0s	2456.0	 playbook. Right. And that's an important lesson, right? Like in deep tech, you can't just say I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2461.4s	2461.4	 going from zero to one with billions of dollars over decades. You know, that's a government funded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2466.3s	2466.3	 program. Or you can if it's your own. And that's what say that's what Branson did. When I showed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2472.8s	2472.8	 up, Richard had spent 1.1 or 1.2 billion of his own money. And I thought, I mean, at some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2482.0s	2482.0	 that's that's that's skin in the game. Bezos has been funding Blue Origin for 20 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2485.4s	2485.4	 right? I think they take Necker and Mosquito Island if he if that doesn't work out. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2490.5s	2490.5	 there was also Quibi. That's another story. Yeah, Quibi didn't even involve deep tech. It didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2496.2s	2496.2	 require any scientific breakthrough. It just required some marketing proof that people were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2500.2s	2500.2	 interested in that format. And they just blew a billion dollars. Well, basically Katzenberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2506.6s	2506.6	 along with Meg Whitman, who was kind of a weird choice to be a co founder, because she's more of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2510.9s	2510.9	 like the like the late stage CEO you bring on to take the company public once it's already working.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2515.6s	2515.6	 She's not really like a founder. She's not a product innovator. No, she's not. Yeah, exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2520.9s	2520.9	 But Katzenberg Katzenberg is though, right? Katzenberg is obviously very creative. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2525.2s	2525.2	 they came up with this idea. He knows talent. So they came up with this idea to build a studio.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2529.1s	2529.1	 They put a billion dollars into creating short 10 minute videos. The problem was there's no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2533.6s	2533.6	 proof that the market was wanted that format. They should have spent five or 10 million proving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2538.9s	2538.9	 that the format made sense and then spend a billion dollars if it worked. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2545.3s	2545.3	 I just I don't understand why why founders or really investors kind of put up with these types
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2553.8s	2553.8	 of stories. Look at we work same thing. Yeah. There is not a shred of evidence that there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2560.7s	2560.7	 an economically viable model there. And yet billions and billions of dollars went into that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2565.4s	2565.4	 company before the bottom. It actually in fairness, I disagree on that one. Two years was economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2571.2s	2571.2	 viable. It just wasn't a software business. They had great gross margins. It just wasn't scalable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2575.5s	2575.5	 like software. Exactly. There's no leverage in the model. It was just purely like go lease something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2579.5s	2579.5	 for x dollars and then sublet it for x plus y, you know, x plus y dollars and and it worked. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2583.8s	2583.8	 just like how do you scale that? And then they got ahead of their skis and did all sorts of crazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2587.5s	2587.5	 stuff to get the tech valuation. Hold on a second. But it's not like you can just go to the store and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2592.0s	2592.0	 buy it off the shelf. Like there's a tech valuation thing you can buy. Other people had to believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2597.4s	2597.4	 it as well. And those other people were also pretty credible smart people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2602.6s	2602.6	 Were they the later stage people? Did you read the WeWork book? The later stage ones? I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2607.0s	2607.0	 we're like we're like evading the thing that that we're not saying, which is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2612.5s	2612.5	 as much as we all want to believe that we're all doing incredibly, incredibly diligent work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2618.6s	2618.6	 there are a lot of examples where belief trumps logic. And even the smartest people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2626.3s	2626.3	 just look past the obvious. And we just talked about four pretty obvious examples. In no world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2633.1s	2633.1	 should a credible tech investor not be able to do a simple valuation or see a business model,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2639.0s	2639.0	 and brazenly believe a real estate business is a tech business. At the same time, there should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2645.6s	2645.6	 no world where you know your pitch something that is just so incredibly grandiose from a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2651.4s	2651.4	 technical perspective. And be and the reason you invest is actually because you don't understand it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2657.4s	2657.4	 Because if you did, you'd be more critical. That's fucking insane.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2661.1s	2661.1	 Well, this is the thing. These are exactly that. Yes, they're suspending disbelief out of greed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2670.2s	2670.2	 and they're not doing the basic tenets of investing, which is milestones,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2674.8s	2674.8	 talking to the customer. These are blocking and tackling. I think it's more than greed, Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2680.0s	2680.0	 It's greed. There's fraud, too. It's criminal. It's in confidence. Let's be honest. It's fraud.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2686.6s	2686.6	 Read the quote from the US attorney of Manhattan who said Milton, with respect to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2691.4s	2691.4	 Nikola, lied about nearly every aspect of the business. People like that need to go to jail.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2696.0s	2696.0	 Jail. Big time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2697.0s	2697.0	 Jail. Big time. The startup world, the investing world only works if investors can trust the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2703.4s	2703.4	 information and the financial statements that are being given by operators because we have to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2707.5s	2707.5	 decisions quickly. And if they give us bogus numbers, how are we supposed to make educated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2712.1s	2712.1	 decisions? Well, people don't want to do diligence, Sachs. People don't want to do diligence anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2716.5s	2716.5	 We look at metrics. We always look at metrics. We can do the metrics in one day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2722.4s	2722.4	 Churn. Look, we look at ARR. We look at net revenue retention. We look at Churn. We look at CAC,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2727.9s	2727.9	 and we look at your financials. We can do it in one day. It's not an invasive process. We can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2733.6s	2733.6	 decide very, very quickly because we know what numbers we're looking for and how to read the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2738.0s	2738.0	 statements we're given. Sachs, though, but question for you. When the founders say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2740.9s	2740.9	 I have a competitive process. We don't want to do all that. Has that been happening in today's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2745.3s	2745.3	 crazy market where people say the train's leaving the station and we can't do diligence. We don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2749.9s	2749.9	 have time for this. Are you in? Has that happened to you in the last six months?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2755.2s	2755.2	 In a sense, but we say to them, listen, here's what we need. And if you give us these numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2759.4s	2759.4	 today, we can make a decision within 24 hours. So, and there's no reason we can't. And by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2763.8s	2763.8	 they have those numbers. And if they say they don't have those numbers, they're too incompetent to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2767.2s	2767.2	 funded because these are all the core SaaS metrics that you should have to be tracking your business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2771.5s	2771.5	 So we would never make an investment without seeing the SaaS metrics for a SaaS business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2776.6s	2776.6	 Yeah. Let me just step in for a second because I think there's two camps. One is businesses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2781.6s	2781.6	 companies that are operated business. And what you're talking about, it makes a lot of sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2785.0s	2785.0	 You could have looked at the business metrics of WeWork and made an assessment of the quality of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2789.2s	2789.2	 that business or Nicola or Nicola. Well, on the other hand, or on the other hand, you have companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2795.2s	2795.2	 I'm saying not there and also not Nicola, because those are not businesses yet. Those are still in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2800.2s	2800.2	 technology development. They're deep tech. So what happens is the founder, the CEO, the management
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2805.4s	2805.4	 team, they put together their own representation of the metrics that they believe should matter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2811.4s	2811.4	 And then they try and show how those metrics translate into value over time. So there's no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2816.3s	2816.3	 revenue. There's no customers. There's no profits. What they're saying is we can, in the case of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2821.7s	2821.7	 Zymogen, we've got X number of experiments we can run per day. And as a result, those experiments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2827.8s	2827.8	 should translate into Y discoveries per year. And those discoveries should translate into Z
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2832.2s	2832.2	 dollars of revenue per year. And that's where the pyramid gets built. And the same was true of Nicola.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2836.6s	2836.6	 The same was true of a lot of these companies where they say we can do X, therefore we're worth Y.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2841.7s	2841.7	 And it's that sort of narrative that investors then say, my God, the story is so compelling.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2846.2s	2846.2	 If you're right, I want to believe it. I want to put the money in and I want this thing to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2851.3s	2851.3	 And therefore, I'll fund this thing. And I think that's what we've seen continuously. It started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2856.2s	2856.2	 with the clean tech industry. And now we're seeing it increasingly with all these other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2860.2s	2860.2	 tech companies. And in a lot of these cases, by the way, I will also say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2866.0s	2866.0	 you know, it's easy to do that. But it shouldn't be a representation that the entire set of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2871.0s	2871.0	 opportunities is a false narrative. There are many great businesses in biotech that actually do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2875.8s	2875.8	 deliver the goods and they turn into incredible companies. There's a synthetic biology competitor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2880.1s	2880.1	 to Zymogen who I spent a bunch of time with. I'm not going to say the name of the company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2885.6s	2885.6	 And they and I and I asked them what gross revenue simple question, what's your gross margin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2892.4s	2892.4	 What's your revenue? What are your cogs? What's gross margin? And I got an asterisk laden answer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2898.9s	2898.9	 What does it mean asterisk lading answer? It's kind of like adjusted EBITDA adjusted for what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2905.5s	2905.5	 Speak English. That's what you got to tell them. Speak English. This is like when I would come home,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2910.8s	2910.8	 my dad say, Where's your report card? I say, you know, that's interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2914.5s	2914.5	 My report card? Yeah, I don't have it. So where is it? I passed. And then I, you know, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2920.9s	2920.9	 it's still shocking to see the number of people that will still do these deals. And look, maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2926.8s	2926.8	 it all works out in the end. But I tend to think like if you can't present things simply, and you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2933.5s	2933.5	 can't explain things simply, that's on you. However, if then you still do that, and you still have good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2940.7s	2940.7	 intentions, maybe you don't. But then investors toe the line. The problem is there's this momentum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2946.8s	2946.8	 thing that happens among investors, as Friedberg said, where the FOMO kicks in. And some of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2951.4s	2951.4	 smartest people become some of the dumbest fucking people know they are suspending disbelief, like you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2956.2s	2956.2	 would not believe in the industry. Well, because it's not their money. I mean, look, at the end of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2959.6s	2959.6	 the day, why does it happen? Meaning, how can a zymogen IPO happened like this or Nikola? Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2966.2s	2966.2	 meaning, if you look under the hood in the s one, I was trying to find it in the s one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2970.6s	2970.6	 was there somebody that actually did like, some due diligence into Highline? Clearly not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2978.4s	2978.4	 Was there was there a synthetic chemist or synthetic biologist that basically helped?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2983.4s	2983.4	 Clearly not. Did everybody say that that was okay? Clearly, yes. You know, did I don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2991.4s	2991.4	 anybody get under the hood of Nikola and actually like, look at the engine, make sure the thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=2996.6s	2996.6	 worked? I don't know. By the way, people did, there just were enough people that didn't that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3000.7s	3000.7	 they were able to get a financing done. Right. And I think that that's the important point is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3004.6s	3004.6	 there's enough people in the private markets. I'm talking about two public market examples,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3007.6s	3007.6	 you're not allowed to have sequester diligence when you're going through an IPO. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3012.1s	3012.1	 so how it works, by the way, like, do you guys know the difference between humans and animals?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3018.1s	3018.1	 There's one, there's one distinguishing characteristic that I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3022.9s	3022.9	 Making tools? No, narratives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3025.4s	3025.4	 Narratives. Stories, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3027.1s	3027.1	 All come down to narratives. Like, there are dolphins that can communicate with one another,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3030.6s	3030.6	 there are monkeys that sit in a tree and they can warn each other about approaching predators,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3034.6s	3034.6	 meaning that there are other species that can communicate. What humans can do that no other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3039.2s	3039.2	 species can do is create a narrative to create an ethereal belief in something that does not exist,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3045.4s	3045.4	 and get others to believe in that story. Religion, democracy, the financial institutions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3051.1s	3051.1	 the monetary system, a business like this, they're all the same. It's all about saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3056.5s	3056.5	 High-aligned Nikola.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3058.4s	3058.4	 Yeah, exactly. And I think in all these cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3062.2s	3062.2	 By the way, this is the Cliff Notes version of Sapiens, everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3065.4s	3065.4	 Yes, yes. Cliff Notes version of Sapiens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3068.2s	3068.2	 I have a funny Theranos story, if you guys want to hear it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3071.6s	3071.6	 Let me just finish this one point. There's a fundamental premise, which is humans want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3075.8s	3075.8	 believe. And so when you have a Barnum type person show up, when you have a compelling narrative and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3083.1s	3083.1	 a compelling deliverer of that narrative, whether it's a religious leader or a presidential or a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3090.3s	3090.3	 government leader or a business leader, and you want to see what they're selling come to reality,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3095.4s	3095.4	 you want to write a check. You want to put your time or your money into seeing that thing come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3099.1s	3099.1	 reality. No, no. I fundamentally look at you're missing a key point. It's not their money. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3105.7s	3105.7	 stop saying that. Go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3107.8s	3107.8	 They would not put their children's fucking education account into these companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3112.3s	3112.3	 Other people's money. They're putting other people's money. This is the key thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3116.6s	3116.6	 Not enough skin in the game. Please put their time into these companies for the same reason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3120.2s	3120.2	 People join. It is not their money. People trade off money and time all the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3126.0s	3126.0	 My point is people will take their time. They're giving up the opportunity cost of working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3130.1s	3130.1	 somewhere else to go work at these companies. David, David, I honestly, I really fucking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3133.8s	3133.8	 disagree with you here. The reason why somebody goes and works at this company because they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3137.5s	3137.5	 believe there's positive signaling from a soft bank. Okay. So these people are smart, they think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3143.9s	3143.9	 this money must mean it's real. They think I'm now going to commit my reputation and my time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3149.0s	3149.0	 to get options because obviously these folks must have done their work. How I'm not making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3153.5s	3153.5	 the mistake. And that's the lie because those folks are not doing the work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3157.5s	3157.5	 You're both making sense. There's a group of people placing bets who are placing bets of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3163.1s	3163.1	 other people's money. It's not doing it with our diligence. I agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3166.4s	3166.4	 You would do different diligence. Let's be honest. The Zymergen IPO, the traditional IPO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3172.7s	3172.7	 would have been entirely different if they had to write, if the underwriters were at risk for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3178.0s	3178.0	 their own net worth. It would be. And if their stock was locked up of the management teams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3184.0s	3184.0	 for five years or 10 years. I do agree with that point. I do agree with the point you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3188.1s	3188.1	 making for sex. Go, sex, go sex from a boat. Go. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not disagreeing with Tramoth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3194.2s	3194.2	 but the, the point, the point that resonates with me that Freeberg said is actually the book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3199.6s	3199.6	 sapiens really did impact my thinking as a VC, which is, you know, you've all Harari makes this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3206.1s	3206.1	 point that it's narratives that kind of define, you know, humans and that's what binds us together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3211.1s	3211.1	 in societies. And frankly, the vast majority of narratives throughout human history have just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3215.3s	3215.3	 been wrong, but they still worked as good stories, binding people together. And I kind of, and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3220.2s	3220.2	 kind of applied that to VC, which is the VC process revolves around a pitch. It's a narrative session
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3227.8s	3227.8	 where the entrepreneur goes up there and presents a narrative. And then everyone debates the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3232.7s	3232.7	 narrative and decides where they buy into it. And, you know, after reading sapiens, I'm like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3237.3s	3237.3	 this whole process, like is stupid. How do I get out of a narrative driven investing philosophy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3242.6s	3242.6	 And that's where I'm back to look, I understand SAS. I know what the metrics are supposed to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3247.5s	3247.5	 I'll still listen to the pitch. I want to hear it, but to show me the numbers first,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3251.8s	3251.8	 and at least I can get to a decision that's somewhat grounded in reality, because I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3256.9s	3256.9	 most of what the VC process does is just measure a founder's ability to tell narratives. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3262.2s	3262.2	 may be correlated with their ability to do marketing, but it's not correlated with whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3265.8s	3265.8	 their idea is fundamentally correct or not. It's fine in the seed state is fine in the seed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3271.6s	3271.6	 stage. I think, you know, I think there'll be the least amount of fraud when you either have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3278.1s	3278.1	 irrefutable metrics, or the investor has to invest their own money. Yep. That's the gold standard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3285.3s	3285.3	 everything else is just, you know, catches catch can and you're just gonna have a bunch of trash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3289.7s	3289.7	 Yeah, here's how I'm handling at the early stage, sacks you because you get to meet my companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3295.0s	3295.0	 I have told them to craft their narratives around their traction now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3298.6s	3298.6	 because I know that all this performative stuff is nonsense. So when you meet those companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3302.2s	3302.2	 they do a three minute pitch. It's the majority of it is, here's the product, here's the traction,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3306.6s	3306.6	 and I accept people based on traction. And then I give them more money as the traction goes up. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3311.9s	3311.9	 we bet four or five times on the same company based on metrics. And I tell them all you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3316.9s	3316.9	 coming to the accelerator, here's 100k. If you want more money from us, we'll keep giving you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3321.8s	3321.8	 money if you can grow 10% or more per month on real metrics, period. And we will keep giving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3328.5s	3328.5	 you money forever. Right. And I like these launch, like demo sessions that you do with us, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3333.8s	3333.8	 now you force them to base their presentation around a chart. So at least I can see some metrics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3339.7s	3339.7	 And the other thing we do similar to you is I always start with a product demo, our motto is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3344.5s	3344.5	 show me the product, not a PowerPoint, because the same PowerPoint can describe 10 or 100 different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3350.2s	3350.2	 products. It can describe a product that might be great. It can describe a product that sucks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3354.2s	3354.2	 Totally. So show me the product. And now at least I'm grounded in what you're doing. And I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3357.9s	3357.9	 just listening to some story. By the way, I go back to this, I still think that funding narratives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3362.9s	3362.9	 makes a ton of sense in the early stage. See, I rip, I rip in 50k to $5 million checks all the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3370.0s	3370.0	 I could care less if it sounds reasonable, I take a punt at it. Right. But the minute that I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3373.8s	3373.8	 writing 100 or 200 or $500 million check, I pay fucking attention. Yes, because it's my money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3380.4s	3380.4	 It's my money. And I go back to this when it's not their money, you're going to see this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3385.4s	3385.4	 riddled with fraud, you're going to see cases like this stuff constantly. And the person that pays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3390.6s	3390.6	 the price where I do agree with Freeburg is the employee because they mistakenly think that these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3395.4s	3395.4	 folks must know what they're doing. But the reality is this thought it's somebody else's money, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3399.0s	3399.0	 don't really care. They're just doing a job, they want to get paid themselves. And so this is how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3403.8s	3403.8	 you guys let me just give you some specifics on the zymogen scenario. So they're going to go public,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3408.3s	3408.3	 right leading up to their IPO, the stocks at 31 bucks in the IPO. So if you're an employee,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3413.6s	3413.6	 and you have stock options in zymogen, you have the option to exercise your stock options anytime,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3419.7s	3419.7	 which means you buy the stock at your strike price. And then you can sell the stock later when the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3425.4s	3425.4	 IPO is over. So a lot of employees, you know, exercise their stock options, meaning they put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3431.2s	3431.2	 their own money up to buy the stock at 10, five bucks, four bucks, whatever it is. And they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3436.5s	3436.5	 actually owe taxes on the difference between their exercise price and the fair market value at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3442.6s	3442.6	 time that they exercised. So if the stock goes public at 30 bucks, and they exercise, they got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3447.2s	3447.2	 to pay taxes as if the stock was at 30 bucks. And then they end up in a situation where they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3453.7s	3453.7	 can't actually get liquid. And so there was a lot of employees that got really screwed on this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3457.0s	3457.0	 transaction. When when zymogen went public, because they thought the company was going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3462.7s	3462.7	 be worth, you know, 10, 20, $30, $40, $50. And now the stocks at eight bucks, and they're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3468.9s	3468.9	 actually owe money to the IRS, and they paid for their stock options. So it's a it's a it's a brutal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3473.3s	3473.3	 scenario when it plays out for employees. And I just feel really bad for a lot of really, really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3477.3s	3477.3	 great, you know, smart people that work there that take a massive hit on this thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3482.6s	3482.6	 I hired two more researchers on my team just to do diligence at the syndicate. And I would say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3490.0s	3490.0	 between 20 and 30% of deals that look great. When we get under the covers and look at the diligence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3497.0s	3497.0	 we look at the cap table, we look at the revenue, we look at the accounting, we ask them who's doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3501.8s	3501.8	 their accounting, we asked them for bank statements, we asked them for incorporation docs, we asked them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3505.9s	3505.9	 for IP assignments. This is like the basic blocking tackling 20 to 30% do not pass diligence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3512.5s	3512.5	 and we find stuff that is crazy. I had one founder give themselves a loan. And then we didn't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3518.9s	3518.9	 about and then we find out about it later. They they did alone, the company owes them hundreds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3523.2s	3523.2	 1000s of dollars had another one, where they were presented their revenue as reoccurring. And it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3531.1s	3531.1	 it was a cruel based, it wasn't a cruel based accounting was a cash based accounting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3535.3s	3535.3	 And I'm like, yeah, what is going on here? You're basically lying. And you're misrepresenting your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3541.3s	3541.3	 company. Don't do that. It's called securities fraud. When you make a representation, don't ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3548.2s	3548.2	 bend it or exaggerate it. Just tell the truth. Period. What's the Theranos story?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3555.4s	3555.4	 Jamal, I need the Theranos story. And then I'll give you a follow up story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3559.3s	3559.3	 The Theranos story is so I had I had a couple I had a very famous investor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3565.0s	3565.0	 Tell me this is like 2015 2016. And I said, guys, you know, we were just talking, I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3571.9s	3571.9	 what do you like? What do you like? Like, you know, we all kind of talk like that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3576.2s	3576.2	 At some point, whenever we interact, you know, and he said, this company Theranos, you have to maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3581.8s	3581.8	 was 2014. Anyways, 2015. Theranos, Theranos, Theranos. And I said, Are you an investor? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3589.8s	3589.8	 he said, No, but I wish I was. It's incredible. And I tried to get an introduction, I thought,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3596.2s	3596.2	 okay, this is this is going to be really interesting. I couldn't get an introduction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3604.1s	3604.1	 But then I find out who the board is. And instantly I get turned off. So in my mind,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3609.4s	3609.4	 I had a very negative impression because the board was literally not all 90 year olds. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3614.2s	3614.2	 I thought, what do 90 year olds know about, you know, blood testing, and, you know, basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3620.1s	3620.1	 building a tricorder. And at that time, you know, I think I told this story before, but I had burned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3625.0s	3625.0	 about maybe 50 75 million bucks on six different startups trying to do this, like, you know, in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3630.2s	3630.2	 situ, kind of like, you know, finger prick blood testing, blah, blah, blah. So I was really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3635.5s	3635.5	 fascinated with the space. A year and a half later, a guy that I work with at Facebook,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3640.1s	3640.1	 a very senior guy says to me, I'm thinking and I was trying to recruit him to come work at one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3644.4s	3644.4	 my companies as CEO. I'm thinking of going to Theranos. And I said, Just go to the interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3650.2s	3650.2	 and tell me what happens. Before I, you know, try to convince you to not go. He goes into the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3658.0s	3658.0	 to the interview to be COO of this fucking company. They don't let him pass reception,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3665.4s	3665.4	 they interview him in a makeshift room outside of the meeting. And he said, Well, can I, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3671.4s	3671.4	 go inside and you know, when do we have a follow up interview? You know, I'd like to meet some of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3676.1s	3676.1	 team, I want to see what it is. And they said, No, no, no, we're good. Here's your offer letter. Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3682.3s	3682.3	 you want to join? Well, can I see the device? Can I try it? I don't know. No, we're good. Let's go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3689.4s	3689.4	 And I said to this guy, I said, How can you fucking join this company? I mean, it's not like you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3693.8s	3693.8	 coming in as a junior flunky. You know, you're coming in as the second or third most important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3698.2s	3698.2	 person in this business. You haven't been past reception. You don't even know what's past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3702.8s	3702.8	 reception. You don't even know what your office will look like. You don't even know if you like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3705.8s	3705.8	 the office furniture. At that basic level, think about everything else that comes after that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3711.6s	3711.6	 And then, you know, what happened happens. So what a disaster. William Perry, former head of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3715.8s	3715.8	 Secretary of Defense, Henry Kissinger. We did just it was like, it was a bunch of grand poobah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3722.9s	3722.9	 types. That's how you knew it was a red flag. If you got one of those guys, you got one guy like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3728.2s	3728.2	 Kissinger on your board. It's okay. If they're all like that. It's a problem. Problem. Huge. I go on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3734.7s	3734.7	 CNBC. I just had john carry roux from the Wall Street Journal who broke this thing wide open on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3739.8s	3739.8	 my podcast. And I start getting all these inside tips about Theranos. And one of them was that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3748.2s	3748.2	 Elizabeth Holmes and Balwani, who is the COO, we're in a relationship together. They lived at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3752.7s	3752.7	 same address all this nonsense. And I checked with Carrie roux. And I'm like, Hey, is this true? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3757.4s	3757.4	 he's like, Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I was like, Why didn't you report? It's like, I'm just chasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3760.7s	3760.7	 it down. Whatever. It'll be in the next story. So I go on CBC. And I was like, Listen, when they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3765.5s	3765.5	 smoked this fire, if they had the device, my game theory is if you have the device, you show it if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3770.4s	3770.4	 you don't have the goods, you don't show it. Period. End of story. I think my gut tells me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3775.0s	3775.0	 this is a total fraud. It'll be zero. And they're like, Oh, and I was like, Yeah, and you know, when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3779.0s	3779.0	 the COO and the CEO are in a relationship, that's bad. And they're like, What? And they didn't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3784.2s	3784.2	 this. And I like they're like, Are you sure? And I'm like, Yeah, that's what people are telling me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3787.8s	3787.8	 I don't know if it's true or not. I don't know first hand knowledge. But that's what I think is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3790.6s	3790.6	 going on. So this whole thing blows up. Calacanis says this, Bubba Blossom, ABC. That night,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3797.7s	3797.7	 I got invited to Beep's house in the valley for movie night. We've all been to that. Yeah, yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3804.4s	3804.4	 yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I walk in. There's Zuck. There's this famous person. There's this Googler,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3812.6s	3812.6	 bad person. It's you know, it's 50 people and the celebrities who are in the blockbuster movie are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3819.3s	3819.3	 there. I think it was the movie Arrival, but I'm not going to make any I don't want to give away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3823.4s	3823.4	 whose house it was. I go to the secret movie night. I walk in, I get greeted. And I kid you not 15 feet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3831.3s	3831.3	 in front of me looking directly at me is Elizabeth Holmes. And I get with like 10 feet or and she just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3837.4s	3837.4	 looks at me snarls and walks away. The most uncomfortable moment of my life. Clearly a giant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3844.6s	3844.6	 scam and fraud. And she's going to go to jail too. By the way, she's going on trial this month,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3849.9s	3849.9	 August, I believe she'll be on trial. It's taking way too long. I hope she goes. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3853.9s	3853.9	 I mean, the justice system's a little bit screwed. Okay, we got to wrap up. You have a pretty good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3858.8s	3858.8	 you have a pretty good track record of calling out these frauds. I think it's a service to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3863.1s	3863.1	 community. Yeah, I agree. You're one of the few who actually does it. You got any other budding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3867.7s	3867.7	 frauds? Well, ripple, you call it out ripple, right? It's not good. Let's go easy on the ripple.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3871.8s	3871.8	 People who are friends with people. Well, I think right now, you're backing off. I'm not backing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3878.7s	3878.7	 off. I just don't want to lose a member of our little quartet here. But I will say that my fraud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3885.0s	3885.0	 of the moment, the one that's making my Spidey sense go crazy is tether. USDT. These these guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3893.8s	3893.8	 are I mean, this feels like it is going to be a 60 billion. Oh, the crypto thing. There's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3901.1s	3901.1	 crypto stable coin. The idea is they said it's $1 in US currency $1 per tether, always. And then,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3910.1s	3910.1	 over time, we find out maybe they don't have a dollar in their bank account for each one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3914.5s	3914.5	 The New York Attorney General finds them $18 million says you can't work with anybody in New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3918.9s	3918.9	 York. They say we're not a fraud. And I'm like, well, what about the Attorney General who said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3921.8s	3921.8	 you were a fucking fraud? And they're like, Yeah, no, no, that was a misunderstanding, yada yada. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3926.2s	3926.2	 like, there's no misunderstanding. You know, we should do you know, we should do we should get all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3930.6s	3930.6	 the fans the all in pod, we're going to declare a certain time and date. Where and we encourage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3935.7s	3935.7	 everyone who's in tether to pull out a tether to stress the system and see what stress test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3940.9s	3940.9	 Well, the problem is, you don't actually own your tethers. That's the other scam. It's like eight or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3946.2s	3946.2	 nine of these offshore, unregulated crypto exchanges, not the ones in the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3952.6s	3952.6	 that are highly regulated like Coinbase. This is offshore. And there are white, what I've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3957.7s	3957.7	 told is you can create an exchange yourself with white label software and pop up your own casino.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3962.9s	3962.9	 You're like a bloodhound. I mean, like you just got to sniff this shit out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3966.9s	3966.9	 When I find this out, I kind of I like it. I love it. It's like one of my bronze brawler.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3971.5s	3971.5	 He's roaming the streets looking for Brooklyn. Brooklyn. I love a good fight. I love a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3976.6s	3976.6	 going on right now. Yeah. There's some other people I want to call out. There's some other people I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3981.3s	3981.3	 want to call out. So let's move on to it. Oh, Scott Galloway. Dipshit. Oh, no, no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3987.1s	3987.1	 for he's small potatoes, but small potato irrelevant. Doesn't look like Thurston Howe the third
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=3992.7s	3992.7	 on his he does. He does. Yeah. All right. So Jason's in Florence. Chama Chama. Is that his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4000.3s	4000.3	 estate? I'll tell you where I am. Actually, Jake, I appreciate this. I'm on a boat outside Elba,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4006.5s	4006.5	 which is the he's a little bit. He's a little bit. Yeah, it's where Napoleon was in prison.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4011.8s	4011.8	 I'll actually I'll show you the prison where he was where he was kept. I think you can see it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4017.0s	4017.0	 If I get to the right spot. You know what? We put the founder in there and we'll put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4020.8s	4020.8	 Elizabeth Holmes in there. Same place. Can you see the the just see your fucking ugly face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4026.7s	4026.7	 there or whatever and your beautiful. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4028.3s	4028.3	 How much are people gonna hate us three of us are in Italy in August. It is like the stereotypical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4037.8s	4037.8	 work hard and you'll be on the course. Of course. I'm staying in an Airbnb is costing me 350 euros
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4043.4s	4043.4	 a night for four bedrooms. I feel pretty good. I'm the center of Florence. I think it's you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4049.0s	4049.0	 spending about the same amount on your boat right? 350 400 euros a night per room. Yeah, I got I got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4054.9s	4054.9	 the Airbnb deal. Talk talk to us about after pay sex. Okay, so well first, I mean, if we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4059.7s	4059.7	 going to call somebody out first, I want to call out PayPal. Okay, what's going on there? I actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4063.5s	4063.5	 wrote a blog post about it called the no buy list. Basically, PayPal is creating the equivalent of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4070.6s	4070.6	 no fly list with respect to their service. Well, for anybody who they put this they deem as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4078.2s	4078.2	 deplorable or undesirable. Basically, they're working with the ADL, the Anti-Defamation League
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4083.4s	4083.4	 and the Southern Poverty Law Center SPLC to create lists of people and groups who they are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4089.8s	4089.8	 going to ban their accounts. Now, I gotta say this, the ADL and the SPLC are storied institutions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4095.9s	4095.9	 that did great work combating both anti-Semitism and racism, but they are now under new management
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4103.4s	4103.4	 and new leadership and they have greatly expanded their missions. The ADL was originally about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4108.5s	4108.5	 stopping anti-Semitism. Now it's about basically opposing extremism or white supremacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4115.3s	4115.3	 and you know, in any of the places they find it. And so for example, they've taken positions on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4120.8s	4120.8	 US Supreme Court nominations. I mean, it's like they've gone very, very far afield of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4127.7s	4127.7	 original mission. SPLC has gotten sued a number of times for putting people on these lists.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4132.2s	4132.2	 They put Sam Harris at some point on the list. They put another human rights person on this. Anybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4136.6s	4136.6	 who challenges any or has any guests on their podcast that the Southern Poverty Law Center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4141.7s	4141.7	 doesn't like, they basically blacklist them. Right, right. And the lists become very expansive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4148.6s	4148.6	 So here's the problem is you now have, look, before this was just some ivory tower,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4155.1s	4155.1	 non-501 type thing where they would basically, it was hyperbolic rhetoric. They would basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4159.9s	4159.9	 call these people and groups names, but now PayPal is operationalizing these ban lists.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4165.1s	4165.1	 They're turning it into a no buy list or saying, we're going to cut off your account.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4169.2s	4169.2	 And that's very dangerous because we've already seen the precedent with speech online that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4174.6s	4174.6	 had a bunch of social media companies banning people from participating in online speech. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4179.9s	4179.9	 what PayPal is potentially doing is banning people from financial access. And losing your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4186.3s	4186.3	 right to speech is bad, but losing your right to make it livelihood is even worse. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4191.9s	4191.9	 Republicans in Congress need to say to Dan Schulman, first of all, it'd be great for them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4196.6s	4196.6	 to haul him up there in front of Congress to a hearing like they did with Jack and Zuck and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4201.9s	4201.9	 Sundar. Haul him up there and say to him in no uncertain terms, we see what you're doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4207.1s	4207.1	 We don't like it. We oppose it. We're going to get on our hind legs and fight this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4212.4s	4212.4	 If you try to deny Americans their right to access the new economy, we see no reason for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4219.3s	4219.3	 your company to get any bigger. We're going to oppose every acquisition you ever do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4223.2s	4223.2	 And we may not be in power today, but one day the tide will turn. We will get control of Congress.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4229.0s	4229.0	 And at that point, elephants have long memories. So we're watching you. And it's been a long time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4236.4s	4236.4	 since Republicans thought of their role this way. For the last few decades, they've been very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4241.1s	4241.1	 lazy or fair with respect to the economy. But there's a very successful Republican president
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4246.0s	4246.0	 on Mount Rushmore, Teddy Roosevelt, and he's on Mount Rushmore because he busted up the cartels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4251.8s	4251.8	 and the oligarchs of his era. And he fought for the rights of the common American to make a living.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4257.8s	4257.8	 That is the playbook that Republicans need to follow right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4261.3s	4261.3	 Okay, Henry Belcaster, you got that clip right here. Let's get some animations on top of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4265.7s	4265.7	 Let's go. All right. Square has bought Afterpay for 30 billion, which represents a large portion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4271.1s	4271.1	 of their outstanding equity. It's an equity based deal. What do we think, Freebird?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4275.0s	4275.0	 They issued a third of their stock to buy this company. So basically, Square is a public company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4281.0s	4281.0	 They issued shares to Afterpay shareholders. And Afterpay only represents about 4%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4288.2s	4288.2	 of Square's revenue. So they gave away a third of their company to increase their revenue by 4%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4293.6s	4293.6	 That's the pessimist view of the business. Now, if you kind of think about Square,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4299.0s	4299.0	 they've got two businesses that are equally sized. One is like a consumer business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4303.0s	4303.0	 This cash app. And they do a bunch of stuff including crypto in there. And then they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4308.5s	4308.5	 another app, another set of tools for merchants, which is businesses on the other side. So it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4313.0s	4313.0	 becoming more of a marketplace business. And the idea is that this Afterpay deal can solidify their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4319.1s	4319.1	 ability to basically be a lender to their consumers and provide a tool to merchants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4326.1s	4326.1	 to increase sales. Because the way Afterpay works, it's a buy now pay later product. These have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4330.7s	4330.7	 around for a long time. And you can basically make a purchase online without having to put down a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4336.7s	4336.7	 credit card or to pay for it. And they instantly run a credit check on you and instantly offer you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4340.8s	4340.8	 credit to buy that thing. And then you pay in installments over time. And so it allows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4345.6s	4345.6	 websites and businesses to get more consumers to buy stuff because it's really easy for them to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4349.4s	4349.4	 buy stuff if they don't have the money to buy it today. And by the way, this business concept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4354.6s	4354.6	 been around for a long time. There's a company called Bill Me Later that was bought by PayPal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4358.2s	4358.2	 in 2008 for a billion dollars. And it was a similar thesis, right? So the thesis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4363.4s	4363.4	 what's old is new again, the thesis is, if you can provide these tools to merchants,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4367.4s	4367.4	 they will get more sales and PayPal on the other side would make more money because consumers would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4371.2s	4371.2	 spend more through the system. And I think that's the same model with Square. But most important,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4375.8s	4375.8	 so we're seeing Square consolidate the marketplace dynamics of their business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4379.8s	4379.8	 They're also effectively stepping up and competing and making sure they're locking in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4384.6s	4384.6	 competitive advantage they have with having this two sided marketplace against emerging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4388.2s	4388.2	 competitors like a firm. And so far, it was the original, yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4392.7s	4392.7	 the public capital markets will always reward great growth strategies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4401.4s	4401.4	 The minute that they announced this deal, the market cap of Square went up by almost 25%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4405.8s	4405.8	 The deal is free, free. I repeat, they just acquired a $30 billion company for fucking free,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4412.9s	4412.9	 which is what happened with Whole Foods and Amazon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4415.5s	4415.5	 Here is the secret hiding in plain sight that not enough CEOs understand about the public markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4422.1s	4422.1	 And so for the CEOs out there listening, there are two ways for you to get constantly rewarded by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4427.3s	4427.3	 the public markets. Number one is what Square did, which is to incrementally acquire feature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4434.1s	4434.1	 after feature after feature. The thing with buy now pay later is that it is not a company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4438.6s	4438.6	 It has always been a feature. And it's a feature of a much larger financial services platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4443.4s	4443.4	 And I think Square is proving that. And everybody else over time will realize it. Goldman Sachs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4449.3s	4449.3	 Apple are about to do something there with buy now pay later as well for themselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4454.1s	4454.1	 They already, Apple already does it for the phones.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4457.0s	4457.0	 So the idea is that this is just a credit feature that should be on every single major network.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4462.5s	4462.5	 I wouldn't be surprised if WhatsApp and Facebook had a buy now pay later feature.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4465.6s	4465.6	 Amazon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4466.2s	4466.2	 Over time, everybody needs to have this feature. You can't build a company around it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4471.7s	4471.7	 And so if Square can basically continue to acquire or build adjacent features that consolidates the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4479.4s	4479.4	 financial services stack for their consumers, the stock market will reward these guys, they'll be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4484.2s	4484.2	 able to grow and buy things for free for the next five or 10 years. The second way that corporate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4492.4s	4492.4	 that companies can get rewarded in the public markets is if you look at your costs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4497.4s	4497.4	 and you flip them from a cost or an expense into revenue. And the gold standard is Amazon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4504.9s	4504.9	 So if you guys look back, I'll just give you a very quick example, because it's incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4509.0s	4509.0	 In 2005, year end 2005, Amazon, they had eight and a half billion of sales, two billion of net profit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4516.8s	4516.8	 Their two biggest costs there was product and shipping. So what did they do? They started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4522.2s	4522.2	 Amazon Kindle, they started Amazon basics, they started Amazon fire, they started Amazon Echo,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4527.0s	4527.0	 and all of a sudden, that whole thing shrank, their gross margins went up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4531.4s	4531.4	 Then on the operating expense side, Amazon was spending 6% of revenue on fulfillment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4536.6s	4536.6	 they started a fulfillment business. They were spending 5% of revenue on technology,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4541.8s	4541.8	 they started AWS, they were spending 2% of revenue on marketing, they started Amazon Prime,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4547.3s	4547.3	 they started they were spending 2% on payment processing, they started Amazon payments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4551.8s	4551.8	 So if you look at any company like this square, I think stripe is another part of me Shopify is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4558.9s	4558.9	 another great example where you can see the path to growth. If you can see folks acquiring adjacent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4565.8s	4565.8	 features, or if you can see folks taking expense lines and turning them into revenue lines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4571.8s	4571.8	 these are in my opinion, sure bet companies that compound forever in the public markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4576.5s	4576.5	 There's great network effects. If you think about financial services for consumers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4580.3s	4580.3	 I would argue there's five general categories. There's banking, lending, trading, crypto,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4586.8s	4586.8	 and insurance. And I think in order of retention, meaning how long a customer is likely to stick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4592.3s	4592.3	 with a service provider, it's banking, then lending, then trading, then crypto, then insurance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4598.6s	4598.6	 And in terms of profit generation per customer per year, it's trading, then crypto, then lending,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4605.1s	4605.1	 then insurance, and then banking. And so what we're seeing is a lot of these financial services
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4610.2s	4610.2	 providers to consumers in the digital world, replacing the old school world by starting to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4614.6s	4614.6	 consolidate these categories in a smarter way than the old school offline companies have been able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4620.0s	4620.0	 do. Banks need to make money through overdraft fees, they make $30 billion a year in overdraft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4624.4s	4624.4	 fees. So if you make banking entirely online and make it free, you retain a customer and then you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4629.7s	4629.7	 can make money by offering them lending, trading, crypto, some of these other services. And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4634.6s	4634.6	 certainly the trend. I have a big thesis and a big belief that over the next decade, we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4638.8s	4638.8	 see those five categories start to merge. And you're going to have three to five superpowers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4643.6s	4643.6	 that are going to offer a consolidated stack of services and the unit economics are going to change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4648.3s	4648.3	 because they're going to focus on getting the high retention products to be cheap and free.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4652.3s	4652.3	 And then they're going to make money on the high margin products.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4654.7s	4654.7	 The canary I completely agree with you and the canary in the coal mine is who will be given
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4659.6s	4659.6	 a federal banking license because that is the only gate that the authorities have to king make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4665.8s	4665.8	 who those consolidators will be. And that's an easy thing that can be unemotionally assessed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4671.0s	4671.0	 or Amazon just buy one you have to apply. No, you have to have this is an incredibly arduous process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4676.9s	4676.9	 to get a federal banking license to be cleared by the Federal Reserve.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4682.2s	4682.2	 You have to get it approved. And you're not listening to these are regulatory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4685.6s	4685.6	 I'm asking a question for the audience. You can not just go by this is applying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4690.2s	4690.2	 Okay, so even if you want to, you can't just buy a company like you bought Whole Foods.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4694.5s	4694.5	 So for example, I think square now is a federally licensed bank. And I believe that at that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4701.5s	4701.5	 Federal Reserve recognizes these guys, they can borrow when they can borrow money at the discount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4705.5s	4705.5	 window at the discount rate. As startups get more successful and can get there, those will be the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4712.5s	4712.5	 ones that will do what David said, because it doesn't matter how many users or how much momentum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4717.0s	4717.0	 you have, if you cannot get a federal license to operate, you can't consolidate. So you can be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4723.3s	4723.3	 vertically specific great business. But eventually you have to sell each rate Morgan Stanley is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4728.2s	4728.2	 great example, where you know, in the absence and an inability to expand, you have to sell yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4733.4s	4733.4	 because the cost of capital eats you up the the the the comment on this, by the way, the most obvious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4739.7s	4739.7	 one here, which I think is interesting is the Shopify stripe debate. Because if you look inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4745.6s	4745.6	 the PNL of Shopify, an enormous line item now about 350 million bucks a year is what they're paying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4752.7s	4752.7	 stripe. And you know, there's going to be a lot of pressure over time to figure out what these big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4758.1s	4758.1	 businesses want to do with respect to their payment strategies and do it themselves, because they may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4762.6s	4762.6	 be able to save a lot of money unclear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4764.4s	4764.4	 I'd be like the lone voice of dissent on this after pay thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4768.1s	4768.1	 Oh, go ahead. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4769.3s	4769.3	 Well, look, it's clear the market loved it. Jamatha is right about that. It's sending a signal to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4773.5s	4773.5	 everybody in the in the industry in the finance industry, that consolidation is going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4779.6s	4779.6	 rewarded. It seems like finance is going to go the same way that media did, where you start to see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4786.2s	4786.2	 studios in Hollywood all get gobbled up by big tech players toward the final convergence of digital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4792.0s	4792.0	 analog. You're clearly going to see that in banking now too. So as a business person,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4797.3s	4797.3	 and as an entrepreneur, I respect and admire what Jack Dorsey has done with Square. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4803.2s	4803.2	 as an American, I'm definitely concerned about this accumulation of power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4807.4s	4807.4	 And we now see Jack as the first person, I don't think it's there's ever been anyone in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4812.6s	4812.6	 American history who holds in his hands, the right to deny people's speech on a major speech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4818.8s	4818.8	 platform, and the ability to deny them access to a major consumer payments platform. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4825.4s	4825.4	 he doesn't have dominant market share in either one of those things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4829.0s	4829.0	 In either. No, he's got less than 10% in each.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4831.9s	4831.9	 But, but he's an influencer. And we saw that Twitter was the first site to kick off Trump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4837.4s	4837.4	 And then in the wake of that, every other tech platform did it. And Square after January 6,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4842.9s	4842.9	 cut off the accounts of everybody who was involved or connected to whatever that means,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4847.0s	4847.0	 and a bunch of other players in the fintech stack did it. So we now have this issue of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4851.8s	4851.8	 financial deplatforming. PayPal is already well down that road. What will Jack Dorsey do? I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4857.8s	4857.8	 know. I mean, on the one hand, why don't you start up? Why don't you buy or start or incubate your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4863.0s	4863.0	 own? That's protection freeze for you. You're not going to ban people from calling. So you win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4867.8s	4867.8	 Just fucking start your own Square competitors. Saxon stop complaining.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4871.6s	4871.6	 Jason, look, these companies have gigantic network effects. PayPal is over a $300 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4876.7s	4876.7	 markup company. If all of the if they back those 10% if they knock 10% of people off, you get them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4882.3s	4882.3	 Now you got your now you got your beachhead. Stop complaining. It is not it is it is a non argument
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4888.4s	4888.4	 to claim that a cartel of gigantic fintech companies that have monopoly scale monopoly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4895.4s	4895.4	 network effects acting together that is not a threat to people's rights to have a lot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4900.2s	4900.2	 I'm not saying it's not. I'm talking about how you can make money from it. I'm just talking your book.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4904.2s	4904.2	 This is not about making money for me. It's not about making money for me. This is I know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4908.0s	4908.0	 but it is an opportunity like who's to stop somebody from creating isn't parlor back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4913.1s	4913.1	 And isn't there some other like right wing or more conservative Twitter that's booming right now? I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4920.0s	4920.0	 heard there's another one Kara Swisher was talking about. I'm predicting right now that financial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4923.9s	4923.9	 deplatforming is going to be the big hot potato political hot potato over the next year. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4929.2s	4929.2	 the next wave of censorship. And what I agree with what the Republicans on the FTC on that board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4936.4s	4936.4	 need to ask Jack Dorsey right now is, will you import the Twitter block list over to square?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4946.8s	4946.8	 Bestie, guestie, Jack, can I just say something sexy, I think you're right. But if you just want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4952.3s	4952.3	 to make a lot of money, and you have to have some financial stock ownership over the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4957.5s	4957.5	 few years, I think the way to do it is just to kind of like figure out which of these emerging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4963.2s	4963.2	 companies have or are about to get or have disclosed in their earnings that they're filing for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4969.8s	4969.8	 licensure. And I think you want to own those things. Because the key thing is like when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4975.3s	4975.3	 get these licenses, you just get a cheaper cost of capital, it just allows you to out compete and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4979.3s	4979.3	 outmaneuver. And then all of a sudden, you're competing with these big lumbering incumbents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4983.9s	4983.9	 who just don't have the access to the same flexible technology, and they're running code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4987.8s	4987.8	 that's, you know, 4050 years old. Then the policy decision becomes much more complicated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4993.0s	4993.0	 because I do agree with you that there's going to be platforming or deplatforming issues that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=4996.6s	4996.6	 happened. The good thing about this that it is highly fragmented, and that there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5001.5s	5001.5	 in no clear path, at least that I see for two or three folks to have 25 to 30 to 35% ownership,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5007.7s	5007.7	 that already happened, sort of in credit cards. And I think we've learned our lesson from that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5011.5s	5011.5	 it hasn't happened since. I hope it remains that decentralized. But what what I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5016.2s	5016.2	 the reaction of the stock market to square buying after pay is now everyone's gonna be looking at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5021.3s	5021.3	 that and going, wait a second, I can spend, you know, a quarter of the mark, have my company and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5026.0s	5026.0	 have no no my point. No, but David, my point, that's not what they're saying. What they're saying is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5030.6s	5030.6	 hold on a second. These companies are features. And we want to have folks who are licensed and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5036.4s	5036.4	 capable to consolidate what Friedberg said these five categories. And if you look inside a square,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5041.8s	5041.8	 they have an incredible lending business, they have incredible merchant services business, they have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5046.2s	5046.2	 you know, a pretty decent and emerging crypto and trading business, right? So they're putting all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5050.6s	5050.6	 the pieces together. That's what they saw. And they're licensed, right? But who are the big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5055.1s	5055.1	 winners in this wave of consolidation going to be at the end of the day, it's going to be square,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5059.0s	5059.0	 it's going to be stripe, it might be, it's going to be PayPal, it's going to be the big online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5063.2s	5063.2	 companies, not the offline legacy banks. It's the same, same thing that happened in Hollywood,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5068.6s	5068.6	 the only studio that didn't get gobbled up by a tech company is Disney, right? So it's gone 80%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5075.4s	5075.4	 and they became a tech company and they become a tech company. So I their whole business, they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5080.2s	5080.2	 gonna, they're gonna catch up to Netflix, and then they're gonna roll Netflix, they're gonna roll right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5083.9s	5083.9	 over Netflix. The reality is that there is something about big tech that wants to de platform people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5089.7s	5089.7	 the legacy analog offline companies were never this moralistic towards their customer base,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5096.7s	5096.7	 they'd never deep deep platform didn't ban people the way that these are limited,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5101.5s	5101.5	 they limited their moralizations and their high horse to the Oscar Awards and the Emmys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5106.3s	5106.3	 you're correct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5107.0s	5107.0	 Jay Cal, Jay Cal, I'm going to do a I'm going to do a crazy wine dinner tomorrow night. And it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5114.7s	5114.7	 about 45 minutes from you, you should take a car, have them wait, eat dinner and then drive back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5122.0s	5122.0	 All right, I'll try I got I'm doing I'm going to see David, which you know, for me as a lifelong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5127.7s	5127.7	 dream, because every time I go to go see David, because not David sacks, David, you know, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5133.1s	5133.1	 statue of David, which to me is like looking in a mirror my whole life, I looked at that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5137.9s	5137.9	 you know, that body small stubby schlong, I get it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5141.4s	5141.4	 But why don't you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5143.4s	5143.4	 Why don't I have so many tours I'm doing in Florence, maybe I'll zip out, let's see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5148.9s	5148.9	 Maybe I'll zip out, but I'm gonna see you next week. It's 45. The question is Friedberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5153.4s	5153.4	 What are you fucking doing? Get on a plane and come see your besties. You're the only person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5157.7s	5157.7	 not in Italy. You come for three or four days. I know you got a pregnant wife. I know you got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5161.2s	5161.2	 a lot you're moving all this stuff. You gave up on San Francisco. Let me go talk to her. Just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5165.4s	5165.4	 come for three days, three days, get her some present and maybe get some extra help at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5170.8s	5170.8	 house. They're all just sitting there in Italy hanging out. They're literally having the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5175.8s	5175.8	 time but they're living their best lives right now. They're like, Oh, we're going to take a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5178.2s	5178.2	 tour of Venice. Do they want to get some do they want to get some hours in? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5181.1s	5181.1	 you know, okay, I'll send my plane. It's United. I'll send United for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5185.6s	5185.6	 Jake, why don't you come visit me tomorrow? You don't need to see a museum. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5189.4s	5189.4	 you don't want to spend time museum. Hey, why don't you? Why don't both of you? I'll see you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5195.5s	5195.5	 relax. It's gonna be Jake, I'm only going for a day. I'm coming to drop the Yeah, yeah, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5201.6s	5201.6	 I'm not my mom's here. You know, like, I have a lot of people come for two days and hang out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5206.5s	5206.5	 for two days with us. What are you doing? 48 hours. It's not a big deal. Bring everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5211.0s	5211.0	 All right. Love you guys. I love you besties. All right. Yo, congratulations. Jake,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5214.8s	5214.8	 Alan Rob. Congratulations on Robin Hood. Okay, thanks, guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5217.8s	5217.8	 Nice. Yeah, Jake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5219.8s	5219.8	 How much did you make on Robin Hood, Jake? All I'm going to say is, is my first fund,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5225.0s	5225.0	 my little $11 million fund right now, you know, we'll see what happens a long way to go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5230.2s	5230.2	 Once again, I'll have a top 5% 1% fund. The first fund I did with Sequoia with the scouts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5237.3s	5237.3	 was like 150 cash on cash. Who knows this first fund I did with you guys backing me. Thank you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5243.3s	5243.3	 for supporting me that $11 million fund could be a cow six, six, seven X could be who knows,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5249.1s	5249.1	 we'll see. Go big boy. Cash on cash. Yeah, you know, it's a good feeling. It's a good feeling.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5252.6s	5252.6	 Yeah. Thank you for the support. Proud of you, sexy pooh. Yeah, nice week for everybody. Wait,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5257.1s	5257.1	 did you have any wins this week aside from spending a lot of money on wine? Chum up? Is there any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5261.0s	5261.0	 spectacular news that we need to know? I mean, David can confirm, but I think I probably made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5265.6s	5265.6	 a billion dollars this week. All right, there you go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5267.9s	5267.9	 All right. We'll find out next week. We'll see you all next week. All right. Bye bye. Love you guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5283.3s	5283.3	 Love you guys. Love you besties. Love you, Italy. Of course, everybody's favorite,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5287.8s	5287.8	 the queen of Kenwa, the science conductor himself, David Freiburg. All the data,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5294.1s	5294.1	 it says, go do whatever you want to do. Go into a nightclub, sweaty,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5304.1s	5304.1	 go into a throbbing rave. But I think understanding what the other counterpoints
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5311.2s	5311.2	 and counter arguments might be is critical to get people to actually get to that opinion themselves,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5316.9s	5316.9	 as opposed to just telling them this is a single point that you should believe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5324.0s	5324.0	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5327.0s	5327.0	 nothing else matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5334.4s	5334.4	 Nothing else matters. So much is all about like the good and the evil, them and us. And we don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5341.9s	5341.9	 recognize it in moments where there are shared values. We're just sitting on both sides of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5345.8s	5345.8	 same coin or recognizing that sometimes having different values doesn't necessarily make someone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5350.6s	5350.6	 strong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5357.0s	5357.0	 Nothing else matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5364.4s	5364.4	 Nothing else matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5368.1s	5368.1	 At this point, I'm like seven tequila watermelon tequila's in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5371.0s	5371.0	 So I'm like, oh my god. Smash, bro. Freiburg, oh.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5375.8s	5375.8	 I'm on the dance floor, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5379.4s	5379.4	 and I'm like, what's up? Coolio. Oh my god, this is like a dream come true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5384.0s	5384.0	 His face is right next to my face. I didn't know what to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5389.4s	5389.4	 And I whisper it coolio's here. Oh no, I appreciate you. I appreciate you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5396.0s	5396.0	 I appreciate you. I appreciate you. I appreciate you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5401.5s	5401.5	 I try and kind of elevate the conversation a little bit and why I care so much about this point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5407.5s	5407.5	 Of course, everybody's favorite, the queen of quinoa, the science conductor himself,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5414.2s	5414.2	 David Friedberg, the quality of the show. He calls it the Friedberg index.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5421.0s	5421.0	 It's a great episode.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5424.0s	5424.0	 All the data, all the science that do whatever you want to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5426.1s	5426.1	 Go into a throbbing rift. Go into a nightclub.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5429.5s	5429.5	 Go into a throbbing rift. Sweaty, Mexican people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5433.4s	5433.4	 Go into a... Nothing else matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5435.2s	5435.2	 Go into a throbbing rift.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5441.3s	5441.3	 Nothing else matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5448.8s	5448.8	 Nothing else matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5456.3s	5456.3	 Nothing else matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpgugh3r9s8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=92&t=5463.8s	5463.8	 Nothing else matters.
