https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=0.0s	0.0	 Oh baby, no skin on skin. You just gotta keep this on. Listen to me. Only the best for my daughter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=6.2s	6.2	 This is 100% Loro Piana Vicu√±a. She's gonna puke on it any minute. There is not a... You're using Loro Piana to wipe her when she vomits.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=16.2s	16.2	 No, this is the sweater that she's got her face on, but this is the softest material,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=20.2s	20.2	 human, you know, I mean natural material on earth. Really? This is not subject to any supply chain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=25.7s	25.7	 constraints. Oh, oh. In fact, when you buy one from Loro Piana, they'll fly one right to you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=31.0s	31.0	 Guys, isn't it amazing how people in power cannot take any time off and still remain in power and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=56.3s	56.3	 engaged when you have a baby? J. Cal, what's the reference? Okay, our friend Joe Lonsdale,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=64.3s	64.3	 venture capitalist living in Austin, had a tweet that went viral, but maybe not for the best reasons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=71.4s	71.4	 He said in response to a Dan Primrack tweet, Dan works at Axios, who was talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=78.7s	78.7	 Joe Rogan criticizing the amount of time Buttigieg was taking on paternity leave,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=85.2s	85.2	 and Joe Lonsdale responded, Wow, great for fathers to spend time with their kids and support moms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=89.7s	89.7	 but any man in an important position who takes six months of leave for a newborn is a loser.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=94.6s	94.6	 In the old days, men had babies and worked harder to provide for their future. That's the correct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=100.7s	100.7	 masculine response. Well, it was an opinion from 1957. That's either his or the way back machine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=108.7s	108.7	 But Joe's old school, Joe is a unique individual. And he just happened to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=115.8s	115.8	 I think, in this whole like, not get canceled debate, or don't let yourself get canceled debate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=121.4s	121.4	 the right is now saying, like, I'm just gonna tell you how I actually feel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=125.1s	125.1	 And so Joe told us actually how he felt. I don't think he said anything offensive. I think you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=129.9s	129.9	 have a different opinion than what he said. But I don't think he said it shouldn't exist. He said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=135.2s	135.2	 if you're in a position of power, and you check out for six months, it puts everything that you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=141.0s	141.0	 doing under a lot of pressure. That's, I think what he said, and he called those very specific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=146.9s	146.9	 people losers. The context is Joe Rogan called out Pete Buttigieg, because Pete Buttigieg had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=154.4s	154.4	 two kids via surrogate. And I guess it's taking six months, or I don't know, I don't even know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=159.5s	159.5	 how much time he's taking off three months, but nobody knows if he's like working half time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=163.1s	163.1	 Rogan time, but Rogan had an issue with it. And then Dan pre mac basically said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=168.3s	168.3	 what Rogan doesn't know is at his own company, i.e. Spotify, there's a six month policy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=174.2s	174.2	 which by the way, Joe Rogan does not work for Spotify. They license his show. So there is no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=179.8s	179.8	 way for Joe Rogan to know the internal policies. He is not an employee. I mean, Jason, if you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=184.8s	184.8	 if you want to hang your hat on that little fig leaf, okay. No, I'm just saying, I'm not defending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=190.0s	190.0	 Joe. But I'm also saying like, how would he know it's not like he went to HR and was like, Hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=194.4s	194.4	 what's our paternity? He doesn't work there. Yeah, fine. Well, six months is a long time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=200.2s	200.2	 especially. I mean, that is a long time to take off. The word loser is a very strong word. Do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=206.6s	206.6	 think men who take paternity are losers? No, no. I mean, is there a choice? Do you think men who take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=211.0s	211.0	 six months of paternity are? No, I wouldn't I wouldn't necessarily call them a loser. I do think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=217.3s	217.3	 that is a long time for somebody who, you know, prioritizes work. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=222.7s	222.7	 if an entrepreneur took six months of paternity, would you would that influence whether or not you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=227.8s	227.8	 invest in his business? Well, look, if you are the principal of a business, and you just disappear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=233.0s	233.0	 for six months, that's not going to work. I mean, let's be realistic, unless unless it does, in which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=237.5s	237.5	 case, then you have other problems. Well, or look, if you're at like the stage that Google is at,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=242.3s	242.3	 or whatever, the founders can disappear and move to, you know, islands and private islands,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=247.1s	247.1	 and it doesn't matter what they did. But look, we all know, I mean, that when you're a startup,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=251.8s	251.8	 you face existential decisions, daily, weekly or monthly, you can't just disappear for six months,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=257.2s	257.2	 it's not going to work. You might only have six months of runway. So if you did take six months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=260.6s	260.6	 of paternity, there would be no company when you came back in all likelihood. Let me speak for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=264.3s	264.3	 myself. I couldn't ever take six months. I'll I'll probably take three weeks to a month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=271.9s	271.9	 And honestly, I agree with David, I really didn't do much of anything that had to do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=276.9s	276.9	 frankly, all of this by herself. And so I'm there to just be moral support and help where I can,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=283.7s	283.7	 you know, baby needs a diaper change. I do that. I'll hand feed in a bottle because she's tired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=291.1s	291.1	 of pumping and you know, breastfeeding, like, but I am so peripherally at the edges trying to help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=295.9s	295.9	 and be relevant and try to give her a break here or there. That's my role. And at some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=300.5s	300.5	 when the kid gets on a schedule, there's even less stuff necessarily for me to do other than,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=306.6s	306.6	 again, just be moral and emotional support. Then, of course, there's bonding and stuff. But,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=311.0s	311.0	 you know, to be honest with you, like, I have found as a parent, the the connection that I have with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=316.0s	316.0	 my children has gotten meaningfully better as they've gotten older. And maybe that's just a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=322.2s	322.2	 limitation that I have and my need to communicate and how I want to connect with my kids and how I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=327.4s	327.4	 feel like a feedback back that gives me energy to be a parent. It is much easier for me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=334.9s	334.9	 to find that equation with my 12 year old than it is with my, you know, two day old.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=341.2s	341.2	 So that's just me, you know, I'm going to be out for three weeks to a month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=343.8s	343.8	 And the other thing we're leaving out here is the question of resources. So Joe Lonsdale,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=349.4s	349.4	 according to his podcast is a billionaire in his podcast title. And so if you're a billionaire,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=355.8s	355.8	 and you have unlimited resources at home and 24 hour night nurses, which, you know, we all know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=361.0s	361.0	 what those costs, you're talking about 1000 or $2,000 a day to have 24 hour coverage, but that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=366.6s	366.6	 nothing to a billionaire. So if you don't make it about class, but if you were two working parents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=372.6s	372.6	 and you didn't have the money to hire somebody, this is actually practically the only thing you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=377.7s	377.7	 can do somebody has to be with the kid and it can one spouse be at home, you know, 24 hours alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=383.8s	383.8	 with the kid all the time. As you guys know, I'm from Canada and Canada, we have a one year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=389.1s	389.1	 maternity and paternity leave policy can kind of go both ways that basically the family gets it and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=394.7s	394.7	 you can allocate it as and how you need it. And in case for the salary, the government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=401.6s	401.6	 basically guarantees your job, you go on effectively unemployment insurance after some period of time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=407.9s	407.9	 where you go from 100% of your salary to about I think it's 50%. Somebody will correct me if I get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=412.6s	412.6	 these details wrong. And then you go through the rest of the year. Now in both cases by my sister,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=418.3s	418.3	 you know, when she had both kids, you know, on the way in, she was like, I think I want to take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=423.2s	423.2	 full year. And by the six month mark, she was losing her mind. And you know, she's a lawyer at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=429.3s	429.3	 Yeah, really good research hospital. And you know, she does work that's really valuable to her and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=433.4s	433.4	 that she finds really stimulating. And she just needed more adult connection after six months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=439.4s	439.4	 It was very hard for her to kind of be there. I just think six months for the second parent is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=445.4s	445.4	 that seems like a long time. I don't think I could take six months off. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=450.8s	450.8	 I also think if you have resources, there's pockets of time, even when I did stay home for,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=456.5s	456.5	 I don't know, the first couple of weeks after the kids were born. You know, they're asleep for three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=460.7s	460.7	 hours, and then you clean the diapers, feed them, they play for an hour or two, and then they go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=464.6s	464.6	 back on a nap. You know, it's like, it's constantly the stop and start. I mean, that's the thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=468.2s	468.2	 that's hardest about is the lack of sleep, I think. Oh, my god. It feels like I mean, it's funny. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=473.0s	473.0	 like, I forgot what it's like. But you know, you're reminded quickly. It feels like you're drunk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=479.0s	479.0	 Yes, two hours, you wake up, you get a 10 minute cat nap, you wake up. And this is where again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=485.4s	485.4	 I go to and I'm such a big player in this play right now. You know, at the edges, we're like not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=491.2s	491.2	 sleeping, I can take care of Tali. But I don't know how women do it. It's it's incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=496.6s	496.6	 And for those of you listening, Shemaff has got his newborn on his chest. And swallowed quite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=503.4s	503.4	 nicely there. This is why you should subscribe on YouTube. And you can see, you can see that he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=507.8s	507.8	 using his new daughter to check the YouTube subscriptions. This is good. They should blow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=512.0s	512.0	 us past 100,000 subscribers. But how do you feel so special? I feel so lucky. I feel so so lucky.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=521.3s	521.3	 This is gonna be the most popular cameo on the pod since freeberg's dog.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=525.7s	525.7	 Yeah, I mean, she this chick is so delicious. She's so she's so delicious. And I forgot how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=532.3s	532.3	 beautiful the sounds that girls makes versus boys having three boys and two girls now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=537.3s	537.3	 I remember the boys they make kind of interesting noises, but not really. But my gosh, like little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=543.2s	543.2	 baby girl noises. And you guys, sax has two girls, you have three, three girls. It's girls are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=549.8s	549.8	 incredible. We're all basically girl dads like oh, so what a blessing. What a blessing. I feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=556.5s	556.5	 really like any news on your front. Well, we had a baby the day after tomorrow had a baby.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=560.6s	560.6	 There were right. I did see the congratulations. Thank you. Free bird. Where's your swaddled infant?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=566.3s	566.3	 You're letting you're letting Shemaff win sweeps weeks here. What's going on? His
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=570.6s	570.6	 vicu√±a is on the way. Are you in the Joe Lonsdale? You did one day off and then went right back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=576.3s	576.3	 work. She's in the place where you drop the kids off to get raised and then you pick them up in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=581.2s	581.2	 year. Okay, you're like, Oh, you mean like Vulcans? You're like Vulcans? We have walk into a learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=585.9s	585.9	 pod and come back a year later. I mean, they sleep most of the day. So she's asleep right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=591.8s	591.8	 Actually, Alison just sent me pictures. She's sitting on the rocking chair where they're outside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=594.7s	594.7	 right now. Pretty amazing. I give Lonzo a lot of courage for saying what he thought. I really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=600.2s	600.2	 don't think that what he said was altogether that like vilifiable if that's the word you want to use.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=607.7s	607.7	 I think that there's a lot of reasonable points of view. He could have maybe use better language,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=611.4s	611.4	 but I think where he was coming from, I think a lot of us probably wouldn't do it ourselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=615.6s	615.6	 We may never judge anybody else. I would never judge anybody who wants to take six months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=619.4s	619.4	 I know that I could not. I would just I think me either I'm too selfish or whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=624.2s	624.2	 But I'm not sure there's just that much to do as the secondary. And to David's point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=629.4s	629.4	 if I was asked to be the primary, I think I could probably step in and do 10% of what Nat would do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=635.4s	635.4	 Here's Joe Lonsdale super blind spot. He made this very gender specific with men and women in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=642.3s	642.3	 certain roles. And he basically is saying, you know, a man who takes six months off is a loser.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=650.5s	650.5	 So he is not just giving his opinion, he's attacking people who do take the time off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=655.1s	655.1	 And then he says, listen, in the old days, men had babies and worked harder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=658.6s	658.6	 to provide for the future. That's the correct masculine response. So I think what triggered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=662.9s	662.9	 people about his response, and perhaps rightfully so is that this is just a view, but Jason, here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=667.9s	667.9	 can I say something this is degrading men who take time to take care of their kids.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=671.4s	671.4	 But look, we've talked about this a lot. There's an opportunity for folks like us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=677.0s	677.0	 to take a step back and slow down and how we interpret a tweet that's written at 8am in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=683.0s	683.0	 morning super clearly, I'm not advocating he be canceled, and not and not just him,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=687.2s	687.2	 but everybody else. But like, there's an opportunity to teach empathy here where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=691.6s	691.6	 I'm not saying you have to agree with him. But you can also choose to see what he's trying to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=697.0s	697.0	 through the exact words that he used. decide that you agree or disagree, and then just move on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=703.3s	703.3	 Of course, you know what I mean? And and I think that the reason why folks may want to do that in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=709.1s	709.1	 this case, but in most other cases, is eventually it will be you that makes a mistake. Sure. And you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=716.1s	716.1	 want to be let off the hook by other people that are empathetic enough to say, I really disagree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=720.9s	720.9	 with what you're saying. But you don't deserve to be punished beyond disagreement. I love what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=726.5s	726.5	 Jermoth just said. You know, the mistake that we make might even be on the spot today. I might have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=733.9s	733.9	 already made it. I agree that we should all just be a little bit less judgmental. And there is an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=742.4s	742.4	 element. There is a judgmental element in Joe's tweet that that's probably the part I don't agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=748.3s	748.3	 with is, look, if someone wants to do that, fine, take the time doesn't necessarily make them a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=753.0s	753.0	 loser. But it's not a choice that I would realistically make. Yeah, it's totally unrealistic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=757.4s	757.4	 It's not even startups like, you know, I'm getting these I'm getting put to these multi hundred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=762.0s	762.0	 million dollar decisions a day. I can't, you know, I could pause the business, but that'll have so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=767.3s	767.3	 many downstream locations. Unfortunately, I picked a job or am in a position where I can't check out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=772.6s	772.6	 even if I wanted to. So I try to do my best. That's the point you were trying to make that wasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=776.9s	776.9	 that well articulated. I don't think I don't think any of us are in a situation where we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=780.4s	780.4	 straight up walk away from work for any meaningful time. I mean, on a daily, it would destroy it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=784.4s	784.4	 would destroy my business. Yeah, we get texts, we get emails, we get phone calls that we have to answer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=789.6s	789.6	 And so it's not it, you know, almost definitionally isn't an option to just walk away. But for those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=795.8s	795.8	 who it is, and if that's their choice, that's what it is. The great thing about freedom isn't that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=802.2s	802.2	 you can say whatever you want. It's that you don't have to listen to what anyone else is saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=806.6s	806.6	 And you know, really well said that disagree with Joe, I feel like you always have the option to not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=811.0s	811.0	 listen. And you always have the option to walk away on file and yeah, and unfollow and the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=816.2s	816.2	 idea of cancel culture and you know, punishing people for the things they say, regardless of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=821.9s	821.9	 what they say, and the censorship and all the shutdown of voices and channels for people to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=826.7s	826.7	 have a voice. I think it, it takes the freedom away that's inherent in the idea of, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=834.4s	834.4	 your choice to not listen. Yeah, and it's almost always totally hypocritical. So this is a postscript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=840.2s	840.2	 on the whole Chappelle debate, it turns out that the leader of the anti Chappelle protests, who've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=845.6s	845.6	 been trying to get him canceled at Netflix, it turns out this this person has like a treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=851.4s	851.4	 trove of the most angry, hateful, vile tweets that I or anybody has seen. When you put it in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=860.4s	860.4	 the group chat, I thought that that was a joke. The things that she wrote were so beyond the pale.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=868.6s	868.6	 Beyond, beyond. They're like, they're like the worst. I can't blame them on the show. No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=873.4s	873.4	 we can't. I don't even want anybody to speak these things. I don't want to include it in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=876.8s	876.8	 show notes. They're literally the worst tweets I've ever seen. Seriously, like completely racist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=883.4s	883.4	 Like, I've never seen such explicit racism in the 21st century, basically. Aside from these tweets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=890.2s	890.2	 and, and this is the person who's trying to cancel Chappelle was out there with the megaphone,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=895.0s	895.0	 and who the press was fawning over. By the way, and she said, in her thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=899.4s	899.4	 Yeah, those are from a long time ago. I've already owned up to those. So let's move on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=904.3s	904.3	 Wait, hold on to how owned up how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=908.6s	908.6	 And it's kind of like, you know, let me play the empathy card on me. But then, you know, I so meaning,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=915.0s	915.0	 I expect you to see through what I'm going through. And that those expressions were in a moment in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=920.4s	920.4	 time. So see past them and see my true character. That's what she's asking. That's what she's asking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=924.6s	924.6	 the world to do, you know, about her. But then you're not willing to do it any for anybody else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=930.6s	930.6	 And that's where I think that double standard just doesn't work anymore. And I think this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=935.4s	935.4	 what people are getting really fed up with. Yeah. And I would also say that her tweets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=940.2s	940.2	 weren't funny. They weren't attempting to be funny. They are so gross. I have a customer service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=945.4s	945.4	 problem with this beeping beep. There's no I want to bash I want to bash this, you know, beeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=951.8s	951.8	 Asian or whatever over the head, blah, blah, blah, blah, like a lot of racism towards Asia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=955.8s	955.8	 you know, Asian people. No, there was homophobic tweets. There was a Asia Asian hate tweets. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=961.4s	961.4	 it Latina Hispanic, I mean, she was even trying to be funny. That's the thing was even it wasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=966.6s	966.6	 even a failed attempt to humor. So you here you have Chappelle, who I think is dishing it out in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=972.4s	972.4	 an equal opportunity way making, you know, funny observations about really he's criticizing our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=980.1s	980.1	 culture, not specific groups. And he's being deliberately misinterpreted by the people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=985.8s	985.8	 want to cancel him there, really to think that Chappelle's stand up routine is hateful really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=992.5s	992.5	 requires, I think deliberate obtuseness, you have to deliberately misinterpret what he's saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=998.3s	998.3	 And so you have these people out there trying to do that. And meanwhile, they are guilty of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1002.4s	1002.4	 it's a total act of projection, because they are guilty of everything they accused Chappelle of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1008.8s	1008.8	 Well, not all of them this person in particular, the leader, the leader. And of course, the press
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1013.6s	1013.6	 doesn't dig any of this up. It all happens through the through kind of internet sleuth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1019.0s	1019.0	 That would be a narrative violation, David, if somebody is virtue signaling, and they are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1023.8s	1023.8	 leading a cancellation movement, it's, it's kind of a narrative violation to say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1028.2s	1028.2	 well, they maybe they should be canceled by the same standard or, you know, quite easily. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1032.2s	1032.2	 the thing that I don't think she should get canceled. That's just, that's very good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1036.3s	1036.3	 I don't think she should be canceled by and this when she was drunk, what if she had a nervous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1041.4s	1041.4	 break? I can only imagine that the difficult path that this lady has gone through. And on the off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1047.1s	1047.1	 chance that she's listening. I'm totally cool with her journey. I understand you made some mistakes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1052.0s	1052.0	 We've all I'm going to let you off the hook. Can you please try to let the next person off the hook?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1057.4s	1057.4	 I think that would be a nice place for everybody to aim to go. And then just to circle back with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1062.0s	1062.0	 Joe, when he started explaining himself in the thread, when it became a conversation with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1067.4s	1067.4	 wider group of people, the journalists went on the pure dumb cancellation route. But then there was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1072.4s	1072.4	 actually a productive discussion about between CEOs, etc. And I thought what was very interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1077.1s	1077.1	 about it was he started talking to Gary Tan, who, you know, was like, listen, we have a four month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1081.4s	1081.4	 leave practice at our venture firm. And Joe said, Do you really take 100% off cold turkey? Or did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1086.9s	1086.9	 you work part time and stay in touch like a responsible leader of your firm? And of course,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1090.7s	1090.7	 Gary did just that, right? And then Joe says, You know what, I shouldn't have written loser and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1095.0s	1095.0	 appreciate the push pack in more intensive operational context, losing key leaders cold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1099.6s	1099.6	 turkey for six months seems unnecessary. But I respect the different takes here. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1104.1s	1104.1	 that really is an actual good discussion about this is, hey, well, maybe if you're an intense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1110.2s	1110.2	 leader, and you don't have the ability to take a couple of months off, well, maybe you should take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1114.9s	1114.9	 a couple of Fridays off. And then there was a really interesting discussion. What's better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1119.8s	1119.8	 for a leader to do? Spend a little more time every year, or to spend three or four or six months in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1126.0s	1126.0	 the beginning when you're, as you just said, Chamath on the periphery here and trying to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1130.0s	1130.0	 helpful on the margins. Maybe for the secondary person, if it isn't 5050 sacks, it is actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1135.7s	1135.7	 better for you to pick up some Fridays or whatever, and take over the whole I'm glad you read that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1141.8s	1141.8	 clarification by Joe, because I think what he basically is saying is that, yeah, he the initial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1147.2s	1147.2	 language he used, he he would he basically clarified that. And it sounds like what he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1151.5s	1151.5	 saying is, listen, if you're on a high performance team, and you're the star player, and you disappear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1156.1s	1156.1	 for six months, that's going to cause your team to lose. So I think that's maybe what he was saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1160.7s	1160.7	 That's a perfect analogy, sacks. Because if we were looking at LeBron James or Kevin Durant,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1165.1s	1165.1	 and they had a baby midseason or Draymond had a baby midseason, which I'm sure has happened to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1169.5s	1169.5	 you know, folks, it's not like they say I'm not playing the next six months of games,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1173.8s	1173.8	 they miss one game, maybe two, they go back on the road. And I think everybody understands like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1179.4s	1179.4	 yeah, you can't give up one of your 10 primary years or three years left that LeBron and KD have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1184.6s	1184.6	 left. I'll give you one final anecdote to end this chapter of our discussion today. 2007 at Facebook,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1192.5s	1192.5	 at one point in like one of the umpteen reorgs we were doing as we were trying to get out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1196.9s	1196.9	 primordial ooze, I was in charge of HR. And everybody at that company was young, except for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1203.0s	1203.0	 a handful of people. And then there was finally a person. And I think it was our this HR person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1208.9s	1208.9	 that that at some through some weird convolution of events reported to me, who got pregnant,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1216.8s	1216.8	 who was pregnant. And we didn't have a policy because nobody had ever gotten pregnant before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1221.6s	1221.6	 And you know, I remember saying, oh, we have to come up with a policy. And what I did was I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1226.8s	1226.8	 like, well, what would I want? Which is the easiest way for me to answer most questions. And I came
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1232.5s	1232.5	 up with four months for either the father or the mother, irrespective of the context. And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1237.3s	1237.3	 how we started the original policy. Four years later, though, when I had my first kid, I took
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1241.6s	1241.6	 like three weeks and it came back because the grind was too hard. Yeah. All right. I think where we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1245.8s	1245.8	 have to go is it's been a crazy week of the reconciliation bill, the infrastructure bill,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1251.5s	1251.5	 and how to pay for this incredible spending. It's been a meta week. It's been it's been a meta week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1257.2s	1257.2	 I mean, and this builds on top of our discussions about inflation, as well as the supply chain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1263.4s	1263.4	 issues that builds on the conversation we had about COVID and the new president. So we're trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1269.6s	1269.6	 get the wealth, we're trying to get the reconciliation bill done. And part of that is, hey, how is this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1274.5s	1274.5	 going to get paid for? And in the course of one week, we've seen the tax proposals flip, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1282.4s	1282.4	 multiple times to ones that have never been tested in it and may not even be legal in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1286.8s	1286.8	 United States. Of course, I'm referring to a billionaire tax, which was proposed, which would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1292.7s	1292.7	 be a penalty or a tax on assets that are liquid, but that have not yet been sold. And it would look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1301.0s	1301.0	 back three years, essentially going after Bezos or Elon, Larry, Sergey, basically going after the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1306.7s	1306.7	 10 billionaires in the world. And then maybe it was going to be the top 700, then it became a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1310.3s	1310.3	 millionaire tax, all of this to try to pay for these bills. While so much money has been poured
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1316.5s	1316.5	 into the system that, you know, NFTs and stocks are going through the roof. Where do we want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1324.2s	1324.2	 begin gentlemen? Does anybody have thoughts on this brief billionaire tax that was floated and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1329.2s	1329.2	 what that says about where we are as a country in terms of how we think about the success of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1336.4s	1336.4	 greatest entrepreneurs? Do we want to talk about what's fair or the process?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1339.7s	1339.7	 Well, I thought the process was insane. And what was crazy was that, you know, Ron Wyden had been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1346.1s	1346.1	 working on this proposal theoretically for the past two years. And at no point did he bother to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1351.8s	1351.8	 float the trial balloon with his colleagues in the Senate to even see whether these people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1356.2s	1356.2	 actually supported it. Beyond some folks on the progressive left, who are ideologically fixated on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1364.0s	1364.0	 you know, this confiscatory way of running the country. The funniest thing about that bill to me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1371.0s	1371.0	 and I let the powers that be know this is, hey, guys, I've always been on the record,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1376.1s	1376.1	 I'm happy to pay whatever tax you want, I feel super blessed to be in America,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1379.7s	1379.7	 whatever, we want to pay 30%, 80%, I don't care. But I had a real issue with the way that bill was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1385.6s	1385.6	 written, because I'm like, the Democrats are writing a bill that will disproportionately tax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1391.4s	1391.4	 democratic, successful billionaires. And it'll even attack the Kochs, who is literally the boogeyman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1400.4s	1400.4	 to the progressive left who wants to write this bill. And I thought, how could you even write this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1405.4s	1405.4	 bill this way? It is so stupid. You're saying because those people own private assets, and this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1410.6s	1410.6	 goes guys, guys like me would have been paying billions of dollars. And the Kochs would not have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1417.5s	1417.5	 paid zero. Because their entities are private, and yours are public. Yes. So the audience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1422.4s	1422.4	 understand. Yes. How insane is that? And yet we're the ones that is a great second order observation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1429.3s	1429.3	 So clearly didn't think through. That was my only issue with the thing. It's like, if you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1433.6s	1433.6	 try to ram and jam this thing through, go ahead and try. I'm not going to be the one that that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1438.0s	1438.0	 you know, files a lawsuit, the day after it's passed, and takes it to the Supreme Court,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1443.0s	1443.0	 which will get heard. And, you know, this conservative Supreme Court would not have allowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1447.3s	1447.3	 this tax to stand. You can't target 700 people. But by the way, the reason you can't target 700,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1454.2s	1454.2	 because there's a slippery slope from 700 to 7 million to 70 million. And what it does is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1460.0s	1460.0	 allows tax and spend politicians a blank ledger to go absolutely crazy, and just fund every single
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1469.3s	1469.3	 harebrained pork barrel scheme that they can come up with. And that's really what we stopped was an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1475.2s	1475.2	 important slippery slope. And then in its place, I think is a tax that is fair. A simple surtax on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1481.8s	1481.8	 adjusted gross income. If you're above x, you pay 5 million. And if you're above y, you pay another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1486.9s	1486.9	 three. So 8%. 5% or 20% on every kind of income. And I think like, that's a really reasonable way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1493.6s	1493.6	 to get folks to pay more. That seems like a good start. But the first version of the bill was so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1497.5s	1497.5	 stupid. And the thing that really anchored me though, was it targeted democratic successful people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1503.5s	1503.5	 and left alone Republican successful people written by the Democrats,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1507.4s	1507.4	 free bird, what are your thoughts on the confiscatory nature of this and never heard the word used that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1514.0s	1514.0	 way confiscatory, where we're going back and saying, Listen, you won so much, we're just going to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1519.4s	1519.4	 20 or 30% of it, we all pay property taxes. So we there is a experience we've all had with paying a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1526.0s	1526.0	 percentage of some of assets that we own, people of all income brackets every year, to your local
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1531.8s	1531.8	 government, to fund local services that everyone participates in. So, you know, I don't think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1539.3s	1539.3	 unfounded. Now, if you look at history as a guide, you know, France introduced a wealth tax to people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1546.6s	1546.6	 making over, I think it was 1.3 million euro per year. And it was shut down and came back basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1554.6s	1554.6	 1999 2000. And between the year 2000, and the year 2016, 25% of millionaire households emigrated out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1564.4s	1564.4	 of France during this period. And the amount of tax revenue that was lost during that period of time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1570.7s	1570.7	 was greater than the new revenue generated from the wealth tax that was introduced. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1575.7s	1575.7	 France ultimately scrapped the wealth tax. And there have been a number of other, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1580.8s	1580.8	 reasonably good examples of European countries putting in place these wealth taxes and then kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1585.8s	1585.8	 of removing them later. So, you know, on the one hand, I think that we've all seen this experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1592.2s	1592.2	 and Switzerland does this, I think you get taxed on your total assets in Switzerland, you have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1595.7s	1595.7	 go negotiate every year with respect to how much you pay, it's a very weird process. So on the one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1601.4s	1601.4	 hand, there is this kind of experience and precedent for paying some percentage of assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1607.5s	1607.5	 Sometimes it's a targeted asset, and sometimes it's not. But the longer range consequences that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1612.9s	1612.9	 we've seen is like, you know, immigration and people realize there's always a better choice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1617.0s	1617.0	 But the question we have in the United States, if we introduce a wealth tax like this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1620.8s	1620.8	 where will successful Americans immigrate to? You can see how people could leave France and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1625.8s	1625.8	 go to Belgium or go to the UK or go to Switzerland or go somewhere else where they might be better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1630.3s	1630.3	 off. Where Americans going to move to? Canada? You're successful. Canada? I mean, are you going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1636.5s	1636.5	 to move to Vancouver? I mean, you're from Canada, but Zach, would you move? You know, where would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1640.1s	1640.1	 you move to? You know, it's almost like there ends up being this kind of, you know, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1646.3s	1646.3	 really interesting experiment that will be run here. Now, remember, this wealth tax was introduced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1650.6s	1650.6	 by Warren and others last year. So this wasn't some new concept that was fly by night. This has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1655.6s	1655.6	 been one of those things that's been on the shelf for a while. What happened is they pulled it down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1658.8s	1658.8	 from the shelf and said, let's try this. They've never had committee hearings on it. They've never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1665.0s	1665.0	 had committee markups on it. It's been tried and repealed in European countries. And like you said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1670.2s	1670.2	 they pull it down at the 11th hour. Why? Because their carefully laid plans, which they've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1675.8s	1675.8	 concocting for three months, were thrown overboard when Sinema said she wouldn't support the rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1679.7s	1679.7	 increases. Now, I don't know why they wouldn't go to her at the beginning of the process instead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1683.7s	1683.7	 of waiting until the end of the process. But so because of that, they're scrambling around trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1687.8s	1687.8	 to find any source of revenue. So it's, oh, will a billionaire tax work? No. Well, what about a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1692.9s	1692.9	 corporate AMT? How about that? No. What about a millionaire surcharge? These guys are like burglars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1698.7s	1698.7	 rummaging through the house. They hear the sirens. They hear the sirens coming. And they're like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1705.7s	1705.7	 what can we take? Oh, the TVs are bolted down. Can't get that. Where's the jewelry? What can we take?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1711.9s	1711.9	 And it's just, you can't set tax policy this way. And this whole idea that we can set tax policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1719.0s	1719.0	 based on our intuitions of fairness without having hearings to ask the question, what will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1724.0s	1724.0	 this do to the economy? How much damage will it cause? This is absurd. I'll say it's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1729.9s	1729.9	 important to note the market is telling Congress something here and the market is members of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1735.8s	1735.8	 Congress informed by their constituents. The market is saying, maybe we shouldn't be spending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1741.7s	1741.7	 this much because there isn't a place to fund it. And no one's raising their hand and saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1746.2s	1746.2	 this is something we can all align on. And so I think the more important fundamental question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1751.4s	1751.4	 is, are we really equipped and do we really have a general economic interest? Economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1758.0s	1758.0	 interest, meaning people measure things and vote with dollars to support these sorts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1761.8s	1761.8	 social programs. And it seems to me the indication is no. And this seems to me to be primarily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1766.9s	1766.9	 a response of the pendulum swinging the other way post the Trump era, where the Trump era was all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1773.1s	1773.1	 about blowing up these ineffective, overregulated, bloated government infrastructure and programs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1779.4s	1779.4	 and people and, and bureaucracies. And now we've kind of found ourselves through our voted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1785.1s	1785.1	 representatives swinging this other way. But it turns out maybe we swung too far and the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1789.5s	1789.5	 is now voting and saying, this just isn't a playing field we should be on. And so, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1795.4s	1795.4	 where they end up here, I think regardless, it's going to end up needing to be some sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1798.2s	1798.2	 of reconciliation on spending to make this all work. Let's be honest, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1804.8s	1804.8	 Warren were did not win the nomination. The country specifically wanted a moderate. Biden was sold as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1812.2s	1812.2	 a moderate go back to the way it was moderate Dems, like Clinton and like Obama. This is the classic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1818.7s	1818.7	 Coca Cola. This isn't new Pepsi nonsense. And we got hoodwinked basically. And I think what a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1824.3s	1824.3	 of Democrats are seeing now, especially the moderate ones is, hey, wait a second, Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1829.2s	1829.2	 is Warren and Bernie and sheeps clothing, perhaps. And we didn't want this this we didn't want Trump,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1834.7s	1834.7	 he was too hot. And we don't want this to left crazy. Let's just take everybody's money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1841.1s	1841.1	 randomly change the tax code. I don't think American citizens want to live in a world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1846.1s	1846.1	 where we change tax code at the 11th hour. That is scary to people, all people, people who have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1852.2s	1852.2	 savings. If you care about the economy, but I think these progressives so it used to be that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1859.0s	1859.0	 taxation was a necessary evil. You tax people because you got to pay for government and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1864.2s	1864.2	 government programs. Everybody hates it. But you do it and you try to figure out the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1868.5s	1868.5	 of achieving the revenue government needs in the least destructive way possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1872.2s	1872.2	 But I think progressives now they're so focused and monomaniacal about this issue of income
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1876.9s	1876.9	 inequality. The fact that there's some people who've gotten richer than everybody else,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1880.4s	1880.4	 that I think they're willing to tax those people. I mean, they would like to siphon off money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1884.8s	1884.8	 from those people. I think they would siphon it off to light it on fire just to level people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1889.5s	1889.5	 And so they don't really care what the impact is going to be on the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1893.4s	1893.4	 Well, I mean, and then I was in fact, ban the billionaires that was their roof. But,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1897.8s	1897.8	 you know, before we get to that, I just want to say these rules, I think Americans want the rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1902.6s	1902.6	 to be simple. And I don't think people want you changing the rules in the last minute and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1907.0s	1907.0	 making them retroactive. I think all Americans want taxes to be predictable and simple, not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1912.7s	1912.7	 just change them willy nilly because you change the budget. This seems so unthoughtful and crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1918.3s	1918.3	 Chamath, your point? I have two points to make. The first is that I don't think anybody really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1923.4s	1923.4	 knows what's in these bills. And as a result of nobody really knowing what's in these bills,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1929.8s	1929.8	 they're used as negotiating chips. So case in point, when Biden came out and said, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1936.1s	1936.1	 we have a $1.85 trillion bill now, and we're ready to get this done so that he could,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1942.3s	1942.3	 you know, fly to Europe, and, you know, fly to COP 26 and kind of, you know, declare victory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1948.7s	1948.7	 Unfortunately, the progressive wing of the Democratic Party in the House said, No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1953.6s	1953.6	 I'm not ready to dance yet. And, you know, they have consistently refused to sign an infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1959.6s	1959.6	 bill until they got what they needed from this other bill. And so when Pelosi called the vote,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1966.1s	1966.1	 she had to pull it because they weren't going to get the votes necessary to get this bill passed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1971.4s	1971.4	 So what this says to me is that even with spending, it doesn't matter whether you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1975.6s	1975.6	 spending five because that's a I think it's a trillion dollar bill, right? That's a $1 trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1980.2s	1980.2	 bill. This is a $1.875 trillion bill. Nobody cares about the quantity. And nobody cares about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1986.5s	1986.5	 details. They care about some perceived moral victory. This is the only reason why we're seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1991.9s	1991.9	 this, you know, Mexican standoff that we're seeing today. If these things were so substantively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=1997.2s	1997.2	 important, we would have passed the first bill, we would have negotiated a reasonable second version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2002.3s	2002.3	 and pass that too. Instead, we're here going through the end of the year with nothing done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2007.4s	2007.4	 And I just want, you know, the Democratic leadership who listens to this, because we know a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2011.7s	2011.7	 lot of people in Washington listen to this podcast. You guys got to get something done,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2016.9s	2016.9	 because if you go into the midterms with nothing done with a Democratic president,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2022.1s	2022.1	 Democratic Senate and Democratic House, this is going to be a bloodbath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2027.5s	2027.5	 Well, this is why something will will get done. But, you know, I think the political realities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2033.3s	2033.3	 are that at the end of the day, the Democrats will come together and pass something. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2038.1s	2038.1	 it's concerning that we're just talking about doing something because it will help you in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2043.0s	2043.0	 midterms. You know, in the immortal words of Nancy Pelosi, you have to vote for the bill in order to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2047.9s	2047.9	 find out what's in it. I mean, at the end of the day, we're not even going to know what's in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2050.9s	2050.9	 thing. And, you know, we're spending another, it'll probably end up being a $1.75 trillion bill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2057.8s	2057.8	 It'll be stacked on top of the spending that's already happened. One point, remember, Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2061.5s	2061.5	 already passed 1.9 trillion of COVID relief, another 1.2 trillion of infrastructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2066.6s	2066.6	 No, that hasn't passed yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2067.8s	2067.8	 Well, it's going to along with this now 1.75 million, sorry, 1.75 trillion of this new social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2075.0s	2075.0	 spending bill, assuming, right, so it's about $5 trillion, $5 trillion of wealth redistribution.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2080.3s	2080.3	 Progressives will have will have set the stage for this to be perceived as some sort of failure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2084.4s	2084.4	 It's by the way, David, if you go back, then if you take that 5 trillion and add it to the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2089.0s	2089.0	 the COVID before and all of the the Fed buying, we've probably had one entire turn of GDP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2098.3s	2098.3	 So call it 20 to $22 trillion of money created in the last three or four years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2105.0s	2105.0	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2105.7s	2105.7	 Now you go back. So now, so now you go back to Jason, what you started,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2109.8s	2109.8	 the thing that I have struggled with the most in these last few weeks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2113.4s	2113.4	 is trying to come to a conclusion on inflation, my worry is that it's here and it will be persistent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2118.9s	2118.9	 And inflation comes in two ways. Way number one is if you massively increase the supply of money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2125.9s	2125.9	 Why? Let's just say the economy at $100. And now all of a sudden you just print another 100.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2130.8s	2130.8	 So now there's $200. What will happen is all of the goods and services that make up that 100
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2137.6s	2137.6	 will get repriced to absorb the 200. So prices go up, inflation goes up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2143.2s	2143.2	 The second way that inflation can happen is if middle and lower income people buy and spend,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2150.1s	2150.1	 because when rich people have extra money, they just buy financial assets. That's why you get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2153.8s	2153.8	 financial bubbles. But practical goods and services are bought by average everyday normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2160.6s	2160.6	 working folks. And their wages are going up. And so I think what we've created is a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2168.6s	2168.6	 distortive inflationary cycle that's going to really hurt the United States because as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2174.1s	2174.1	 Sachs talked about, we cannot print enough money to pay for the debt when interest rates go up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2180.9s	2180.9	 This is the number one thing causing me concern as well is that you look around,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2187.2s	2187.2	 it's all time highs for everything. It's all time best everything. NASDAQ and S&P, all time highs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2193.8s	2193.8	 crypto markets, all time highs, Shibu, Inu worth $30, $40 billion bubble. I'm seeing SaaS multiples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2203.9s	2203.9	 at all time highs. So you have to wonder, is this a new normal? Is this sustainable or is it some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2210.4s	2210.4	 sort of inflated bubble? Then you look at the inflation rates, 5.1%. To Chamath's point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2216.6s	2216.6	 it might be persistent. You look at the treasury interest rates, the yield is 1.6% on the 10-year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2224.6s	2224.6	 T-bill. So effectively, your real interest rate for savers is 1.6% minus the 5.1% inflation rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2232.5s	2232.5	 You're at negative 3.5% if you just save your money in T-bills, you take the risk-free return,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2241.8s	2241.8	 negative 3.5%. So now you have everybody going out there trying to chase the yield because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2248.4s	2248.4	 how do you earn a return on your money? You don't want it to be eroded.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2251.0s	2251.0	 You buy stocks or NFTs or houses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2253.4s	2253.4	 So people start going into riskier and riskier assets to basically try and make up for the loss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2258.3s	2258.3	 of inflation. And so you have to wonder- They're trying to hit the one outer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2262.4s	2262.4	 Yeah. So then, okay, so you have to ask yourself, okay, so back to this point about all time highs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2268.2s	2268.2	 is this because everything is really this great or how much of this is driven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2272.8s	2272.8	 by these sort of distortions? 50-50.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2276.6s	2276.6	 I mean, I'm just putting a number on it. Like obviously the industry and economy is doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2280.1s	2280.1	 fantastic, but it seems 50-50. Here's the other thing that I wanted to make in just the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2284.4s	2284.4	 portion, which is I think what we've realized as well at the end of this is I actually, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2291.4s	2291.4	 now to use this empathy card, I'm going to give the progressives my empathy card and say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2295.2s	2295.2	 I understand what you're trying to do. And I believe in a lot of what you're trying to do is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2299.9s	2299.9	 to even the starting line for everybody. Right now, a lot of what you end up proposing distorts that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2306.3s	2306.3	 goal by trying to even out the outcomes and even the finish line. But I really do think they want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2312.3s	2312.3	 to even the starting line. But here's the thing that we all have to realize now. All the things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2317.8s	2317.8	 that the progressives want to tax and fund are actually being done by private corporations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2324.0s	2324.0	 And I think we just have to acknowledge that and make a decision about whether as a society
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2329.0s	2329.0	 that's okay or not. I'll give you two examples. Number one is the federal minimum wage. We have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2334.2s	2334.2	 tried for years and we have debated raising this minimum wage. It still sits today at $7.25.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2340.4s	2340.4	 Just this week, McDonald's moved their minimum wage up, Starbucks moved their minimum wage up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2345.4s	2345.4	 We're talking about entry-level quick service jobs that now pay $17 to $25 per hour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2353.4s	2353.4	 Right? So two and a half to three plus times the proposed federal minimum wage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2359.8s	2359.8	 The free market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2360.4s	2360.4	 And so what government didn't and wasn't able to do, the free markets have done. Second example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2367.7s	2367.7	 we tried to get free community college inside of one of these bills. It was a drops. Now, depending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2374.2s	2374.2	 on where you go, the nation's largest employer, Amazon, actually will just pay you to go to college.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2383.7s	2383.7	 Right? So they are replacing that intention and a version of the GI bill, but as a private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2388.8s	2388.8	 organization. So I think what we also have to realize is that maybe some of these policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2395.4s	2395.4	 decisions is actually a little bit of, you know, getting tilted by the fact that private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2400.1s	2400.1	 organizations are acting more nimbly to actually implement this progressive agenda because it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2405.0s	2405.0	 actually exists in America if you're willing to take the time to look.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2408.1s	2408.1	 Let me ask a question about inflation. If who is inflation going to hurt the most,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2414.2s	2414.2	 and who's going to gain the most from it, because it does seem like consumables,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2418.6s	2418.6	 gas station, you know, supermarket trips, etc. are going through the roof. In that case, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2425.0s	2425.0	 that's going to have no impact on the top third of people because gallon of milk at three, six,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2430.0s	2430.0	 nine dollars doesn't matter. But then you look at inflation on stocks, it's going to make it go up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2435.7s	2435.7	 So a rich person isn't impacted by their gas or their groceries, but somebody in the middle class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2441.1s	2441.1	 or who's poor, that's going to dramatically impact them. So if we spend more, does that actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2447.8s	2447.8	 create a larger wealth gap? Sachs? Look, inflation is devastating for the middle class.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2454.3s	2454.3	 If you have savings, if you can afford to put all of your savings and financial assets the way that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2460.1s	2460.1	 the super wealthy can, then your financial assets will go up. But if you have a good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2465.8s	2465.8	 you sort of middle class income, and you don't have your in your savings or in something more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2470.6s	2470.6	 conservative, you're going to get absolutely eroded by inflation over time, it's going to kill you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2476.3s	2476.3	 And, you know, the housing prices will go up, the middle class young couple that wants to buy a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2482.8s	2482.8	 house for the first time, that's going to be much harder to achieve because housing prices will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2487.8s	2487.8	 inflate away. So I think, you know, there is there are some effects that are awash. So for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2494.0s	2494.0	 prices go up and then wages go up at the same time. But savings can really get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2498.6s	2498.6	 hammered if you're not in financial assets. It hurts the middle class first, but it also hurts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2504.6s	2504.6	 it hurts everybody because again, unless you're perfectly hedged going into a rising rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2508.8s	2508.8	 environment, you will own assets that are just speculative and good question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2511.7s	2511.7	 Friedberg, a scientific question here, are we starting to go into a self-fulfilling prophecy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2517.0s	2517.0	 around inflation, Allah what happened in the 70s, which is, we've been talking about it so much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2522.8s	2522.8	 than anybody who is thinking about raising prices as well, everybody else is raising prices. So even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2527.8s	2527.8	 if my grilled cheese sandwich hasn't been impacted by all of this, and I didn't have to give races to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2532.6s	2532.6	 my employees, they're happy at their current salaries, I'm just gonna put $2 on my grilled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2536.2s	2536.2	 cheese. And we just get this cycle of everybody saying, how much can I add to the cost of something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2541.0s	2541.0	 I am trying to remember there was an earnings interview I saw yesterday,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2546.6s	2546.6	 God, which was the company? Anyway, they're, they're a company in the industrial supply chain.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2552.4s	2552.4	 And he said that they're raising rates to get ahead of the supply costs going up for them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2558.0s	2558.0	 So that their margins won't get squeezed. And I think that's, it's almost like that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2562.3s	2562.3	 what you're referencing is a little bit of a run on the bank mentality, where those with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2568.7s	2568.7	 pricing power raise rate raise prices. And as a result, you end up kind of seeing the trickling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2574.4s	2574.4	 effects because competition can't catch up. So if everyone's kind of raising rates, and there's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2578.0s	2578.0	 enough competitive advantage, the one thing that's making this even harder right now is the gluts in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2582.2s	2582.2	 the supply chain, which are reducing the competitive market dynamics that we might normally see where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2589.4s	2589.4	 one customer raises one company raises rates, and another company says, wait, our rates are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2593.4s	2593.4	 stay the same. But because so many people are challenged by getting product, there's enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2597.5s	2597.5	 demand for their product, everyone can raise rates together. We're seeing this in the energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2601.4s	2601.4	 markets now. So yeah, I mean, this is kind of part of the scary scenario that everyone's trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2607.8s	2607.8	 manage against. So I don't know what the science is. And I'm not an economist. But it certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2612.9s	2612.9	 seems to me, like the psychology of managers and business owners and boards is such that they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2619.0s	2619.0	 saying, let's get ahead of the curve, let's raise rates. And as a result, you're seeing the trickling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2622.5s	2622.5	 effect of inflation throughout the whole economy. So both Gary, sex, what do you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2629.0s	2629.0	 psychologically is going on with raising prices? So expectations are definitely part of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2634.6s	2634.6	 inflation game, people raise prices if they expect inflation in the near future, and then that feeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2639.6s	2639.6	 on itself. And that's how if you look at countries have had hyperinflation, that's how you get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2644.0s	2644.0	 spiral. Now, I don't think we're gonna have hyperinflation here, but we're at 5.1% now. And if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2649.0s	2649.0	 people think it's gonna be worse next year, and the feds not going to raise rates, it could even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2653.3s	2653.3	 be higher next year. And I think people are going to start getting upset about this. You know, when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2658.2s	2658.2	 they buy their Thanksgiving turkey and their Christmas ham, and those prices are way higher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2663.2s	2663.2	 than they think, and they're already paying gas prices that are a lot higher than they're used to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2669.4s	2669.4	 I think you could see a lot of unhappiness out there. One of the things I'm thinking about is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2673.8s	2673.8	 is the logical thing for a person to do in this hyperinflationary,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2678.4s	2678.4	 you know, market is to say, you know what, this I went to look at a car, and I wanted to get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2683.6s	2683.6	 drive in the snow. And I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna hold off buying this because I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2687.0s	2687.0	 not paying 15k over sticker. So and I can pay for your services, like, do I want to do that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2691.8s	2691.8	 the other cars, okay, I'll just put snow tires on it. So are a lot of people to moth and as part of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2696.6s	2696.6	 this psychological, you know, spiraling out of control situation, then some group of people might
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2701.9s	2701.9	 say, you know what, I'm gonna opt out of consumerism. And I'm just gonna lower my burn rate and stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2706.3s	2706.3	 consuming, which is also bad for the stop consuming food. No, instead of getting, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2714.6s	2714.6	 filet mignon, you might get chicken. Okay, well, there's gonna be a lot of unhappy people who are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2719.2s	2719.2	 eating chicken for Christmas instead of like, I'm serious. I'm coming to your house. I'm good. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2726.1s	2726.1	 gonna go your house for lunch. And I'm going to mods for the surf and turf after I rich people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2731.4s	2731.4	 don't create inflation. The middle class and lower middle class create inflation. There's just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2736.2s	2736.2	 not enough rich people to matter. They're irrelevant. So when you look at the last two or three spikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2740.9s	2740.9	 and waves of risk that we've seen globally, they've come from large multi hundred million person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2746.4s	2746.4	 cohorts of people, right? Those could be in Asia, those could be specifically in China, those could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2753.7s	2753.7	 be in the United States, plus all around the world because of certain loose monetary conditions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2759.4s	2759.4	 That's what we have now. We have a multi hundred million probably approaching more than a billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2764.2s	2764.2	 person strong liquid buying pool of people that are again, as I said, if the if the lowest on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2772.0s	2772.0	 pecking order is now making 17 bucks an hour. We all know this guys, it's not as if the inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2777.8s	2777.8	 stops at 50,000 bucks a year, everybody's wages rise. So consistent and persistent wage inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2786.6s	2786.6	 will allow you to spend more because that's just what people do. We also have high savings rates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2791.3s	2791.3	 so people will feel more flush with money. The point is that everybody will spend, they will spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2796.2s	2796.2	 more, you know, you can't get cars, you can't get this, you can't get that all this pent up demand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2801.5s	2801.5	 will get fed. And the downstream implication is I think that prices will rise, but it will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2807.8s	2807.8	 disproportionately hurt the middle class and the lower middle class. And then these asset bubbles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2812.8s	2812.8	 will probably deflate, or they'll have to get rerated. And if the Fed stops tapering and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2820.1s	2820.1	 you know, hikes rates two or three times over the next 12 or 18 months, man, this is an ugly, ugly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2827.7s	2827.7	 stock market. One of the things people have been asking me to ask all of us on the pod is what are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2832.7s	2832.7	 our strategies right now given the turmoil we're in? So maybe we can go around the horn. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2838.3s	2838.3	 we're thinking about in terms of our strategies to deal with inflation while maybe not getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2844.9s	2844.9	 ahead of our skis and being the bag holders? Anybody have? I'm not going to answer this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2851.4s	2851.4	 question. And you know why? Because I can't got it. Okay, because of the public market. I don't I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2855.4s	2855.4	 don't want to even answer this question yet. Okay, well, can I I'll let me further describe the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2861.8s	2861.8	 problem. So this happened in the late 1970s. We had stagflation, we had sort of every year we had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2869.7s	2869.7	 increasing inflation because the expectation game. And the thing that broke it was you had Paul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2874.6s	2874.6	 Volcker come in at the Fed and he jacked up interest rates. And he actually caused a pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2880.6s	2880.6	 severe recession in like 80, I think it was like 82, 81, 82. I think by 83, we're coming out of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2888.2s	2888.2	 And then the economy absolutely boomed. Interest rates came way down because he broke the back of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2893.4s	2893.4	 inflation. And actually interest rates came down for you know, as a result of Volcker and the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2899.3s	2899.3	 controlling inflation, they came down for 40, 40 years, basically. And that those that decrease in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2905.5s	2905.5	 interest rates fueled everything it made debt a lot cheaper. It, it made the stock market boom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2912.1s	2912.1	 because the net present value, the discount rate went down. So the net present value of all those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2916.6s	2916.6	 future earnings went up. So you had it set the stage for the boom in the Reagan era and beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2922.2s	2922.2	 and the Clinton era as well. Now, what's the difference between then and now? Well, for one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2928.2s	2928.2	 thing, the government debt as a percentage of GDP, when Reagan took office was around 31%. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2937.1s	2937.1	 so when Volcker jacked up interest rates, it didn't really create that much more of a debt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2943.7s	2943.7	 service cost for the United States for the federal government. Now today, the government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2950.2s	2950.2	 debt is 125% of GDP. So if and this goes back to the Druckenmiller point from previous pod,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2959.5s	2959.5	 if the Fed were to jack up interest rates to say the historical norm of 4.9%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2965.4s	2965.4	 debt service would go from 2% of the federal budget to 30%. You would have a massive crowding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2971.3s	2971.3	 out of government programs. So how we fund all that debt service, very unclear. So we're caught
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2976.3s	2976.3	 between a rock and a hard place. The rock is we have inflation that could be persistent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2982.0s	2982.0	 The hard place is the debt service. So, you know, the tools for controlling this aren't exactly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2988.3s	2988.3	 clear. So this I think is fundamentally the problem is it's not clear whether we're going to have,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=2994.6s	2994.6	 you know, interest rates going up or persistent high inflation. Those are the threats to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3000.3s	3000.3	 economic boom we're seeing. Now the full side of it is that the reason why the stock market is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3004.7s	3004.7	 one of the reasons is that at an all-time high is because earnings right now are fantastic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3009.6s	3009.6	 So the economy is doing very, the companies are doing very well, but we just had for Q3,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3017.6s	3017.6	 the GDP growth was at 2% annualized, which was sort of an anemic number. It's the lowest it's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3023.5s	3023.5	 since this COVID recovery started. So it's, you know, it's interesting. We're at all-time highs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3029.3s	3029.3	 but there's also these like major storm clouds on the horizon. And I'm not going to like pretend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3033.6s	3033.6	 like I know what's going to happen. I just, you know, when, when things are this good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3037.8s	3037.8	 I start getting nervous when it's this easy to make money across everything, the stock market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3043.4s	3043.4	 the crypto market, the SaaS investing we're doing. That's the, that's the part that really scares me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3050.4s	3050.4	 So for example, when everybody gets tilted, because there's some Shiba wallet, where 8,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3056.2s	3056.2	 turns into 5.7 billion, right? So for those that don't know, there was a, you know, Shiba Inu coin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3061.8s	3061.8	 which is a shit coin, which was basically there to ape the other shit coin, Dogecoin, the Dogecoin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3069.0s	3069.0	 right? A meme coin. All of a sudden, some guy 13 months ago, put 8k into it, because the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3075.3s	3075.3	 market cap was 80k. And then all of a sudden, over the course of these 400 days, that wallet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3082.5s	3082.5	 holds $5.7 billion of value or 10% the entire market cap of Shiba. People get tilted by that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3089.0s	3089.0	 Then there was an article today in Bloomberg, where there's a gentleman, a 66 year old man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3093.6s	3093.6	 in Singapore, who's a billionaire, right? So he was successful in his own right. However, he had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3098.5s	3098.5	 made in his entire career about one or two billion. And he has made 7 billion in the last two years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3104.3s	3104.3	 speculating on Tesla call options. I'm not kidding. So buying short dated calls,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3114.2s	3114.2	 right? Writing the writing the way making money allocating the gains buying the underlying Tesla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3119.7s	3119.7	 security over and over and over again. And so you know, I was talking to Nat about this, and I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3125.0s	3125.0	 telling her these, these examples, and she's like, that's what sounds like a bubble. Because it really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3130.7s	3130.7	 is very difficult to be in business and to make these decisions and to be reasonable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3134.3s	3134.3	 Also, if you're a capital allocator, or you're building companies, like, how do you know if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3139.4s	3139.4	 you're doing a good job? If everybody just is right back, guys, I have to have to do the goods.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3145.6s	3145.6	 Yeah, okay. Got a quick baby change. I think what's hard about this is, okay, so one of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3150.7s	3150.7	 areas where it's sort of like best times ever are is the SaaS market, which is where I invest in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3156.1s	3156.1	 and I'm obviously investing in very, very early stage companies, but we're seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3160.2s	3160.2	 valuations now go to multiples of ARR that we've never seen before. 5075. I would say 100 times,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3167.8s	3167.8	 I'd say 100 times ARR is sort of the rule of thumb right now. And you're seeing what scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3172.1s	3172.1	 a $5 million company is worth 500 million. Anywhere from 1 million to 10 million, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3178.5s	3178.5	 absolutely worth between 100 and a billion dollars, which makes no sense. Well, no, it does. If well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3184.4s	3184.4	 let me give you the argument for why it could make sense. Okay, let's say the company is expected to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3188.1s	3188.1	 go 3.3X this year and 3X next year. That's basically a 10X over the next two years. So that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3196.2s	3196.2	 100X in two years will only be at 10 times ARR multiple. And by the way, if you look at the comps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3203.0s	3203.0	 for the companies that have gone public, the SaaS companies have gone public,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3207.0s	3207.0	 like look at Toast being worth what? 30, 40 billion. So they're trading at 30, 40, 50, 60 times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3214.2s	3214.2	 ARR in the big markets on big, big numbers. So my point is, how hard is it to go 3X 3X? That is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3221.2s	3221.2	 I mean, going 3X is hard going 3X 3X back to back. That's like winning two NBA championships.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3227.1s	3227.1	 No, I don't think it's that hard. I mean, it's not for you, but you're the king of SaaS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3233.9s	3233.9	 I know I'm being dead serious for the for a SaaS founder with a million to go from one to three,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3238.2s	3238.2	 and then three to nine. How many out of 100 actually go from one to nine? Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3242.6s	3242.6	 I'll tell you Yammer's trajectory. And this is back. This is over a decade old, we went from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3247.6s	3247.6	 1 million in our first full year selling the product to well, back in those days, we looked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3253.4s	3253.4	 at total contract value of 7 million of TCV, that was about 5 million of ARR. And then it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3259.0s	3259.0	 tripled the year after that. So, you know, and then we tripled the year after that. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3263.9s	3263.9	 category defining SaaS companies. Microsoft, but I'm just saying that it's entirely possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3269.7s	3269.7	 There's a lot more Yammer's today, or companies that growth trajectory. So I mean, but look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3275.3s	3275.3	 this is what's led to, you know, our fun to which we started investing in 2019, which has a SaaS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3281.4s	3281.4	 focus already has five unicorns in it from companies that we invested in the Cedar series.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3286.2s	3286.2	 That's crazy. So but look, I mean, when you're seeing, like results that good, where my head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3291.8s	3291.8	 goes is, okay, this is too good. You know, what am I missing here? Like, what's the downside? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3296.5s	3296.5	 how long will this sustain? Just to build your just to build on your point, there are these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3300.8s	3300.8	 businesses that have I would say, interesting products that are growing well. But they may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3309.7s	3309.7	 not actually be very important companies. Yet they trade at enormous valuations. And then you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3315.9s	3315.9	 have these companies that are just so superb. And I'm talking about Microsoft, Google, Apple,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3321.9s	3321.9	 and Facebook, that now trade in many cases at some pretty deep discounts to their intrinsic value.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3329.6s	3329.6	 But this is the sign of this histrionic behavior that I think embellishes the end of a bubble.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3338.3s	3338.3	 Right? It's this thing where you look at a growth rate, and you don't even ask the structural
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3343.2s	3343.2	 questions about business quality, viability, sustainability, competitive modes, you're like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3349.9s	3349.9	 Oh, well, it's going from 300% market, you know, it's only decaying to 200%. I buy. Well, it's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3356.4s	3356.4	 but yeah, but what are you buying? And is there any longevity and staying power? This is why,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3361.4s	3361.4	 you know, I've, I think there are some great businesses in SaaS, but I also think there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3365.8s	3365.8	 lot of headfakes. And in the public markets, particularly people just want to buy that growth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3371.4s	3371.4	 as David said, because they're chasing yield, they're not, you know, do they really understand,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3376.2s	3376.2	 am I buying this company because I really believe in this database technology versus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3380.1s	3380.1	 that streaming technology versus this container technology? They don't know any of those things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3385.6s	3385.6	 Well, so this is the conundrum is I actually do believe like, so I believe my own portfolio,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3391.2s	3391.2	 and I'm doubling down on all these companies. And I do believe in SaaS. And I think the reason why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3395.1s	3395.1	 these SaaS companies get such great multiples is because they're pure software businesses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3399.1s	3399.1	 very high gross margins, 80% plus gross margins. You know, once the flywheel gets going, they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3404.2s	3404.2	 very hard to displace. I mean, they have, it's not just a recurring revenue subscription type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3409.9s	3409.9	 business, but you get expansion out of your current customer base. So, you know, on January 1st of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3414.9s	3414.9	 new year, you're starting with 120%, 150% of last year's revenue, just from your existing customers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3421.8s	3421.8	 and then you're stacking the new revenue courts on top of that. So I am a believer in SaaS,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3426.4s	3426.4	 but when I see everything going so well, it's SaaS and NASDAQ and S&P and crypto.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3434.6s	3434.6	 And then I see, you know, 125% debt to GDP and the sort of radical spending that's coming out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3442.0s	3442.0	 of Washington. I just start getting nervous. And I don't know if I have like a prescription
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3447.2s	3447.2	 for people out there. I would just be a little bit cautious right now and temporary or enthusiasm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3452.5s	3452.5	 But look, the flip side of it is, we could keep having a boom for five more years, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3457.6s	3457.6	 and so the market could keep going up for five more years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3459.8s	3459.8	 And so what do you do? Sit it out while inflation is going through the roof?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3461.2s	3461.2	 You can't sit it out. But, you know, but on, I was listening to Vinny Lingham's show on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3469.7s	3469.7	 Beep on call in, it's called Crypto Musings. No, he and Sonny Madra do a great show that you guys-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3476.0s	3476.0	 I think we all just got 25 bips.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3477.3s	3477.3	 So you guys should all listen to his show. It's called Crypto Musings. They were talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3482.2s	3482.2	 all the dog coins. The other night, it was Shiba Inu and Dogecoin and there's a couple others.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3489.0s	3489.0	 Vinny made a great point. He said, listen, if you're out there listening and you're sitting on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3492.6s	3492.6	 life-changing money, then Shiba Inu, sell, take it off the table if you can. Keywords being if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3499.6s	3499.6	 can. So look, I, you know, this boom could last for another five years. It could last for another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3503.8s	3503.8	 10 years and the valuations could keep going up. The earnings could keep going. You don't want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3509.1s	3509.1	 miss out on that bull run. But if you've got life-changing money in a highly risky position,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3515.0s	3515.0	 that's not diversified. I'm amending my advice of let your winners ride to take some chips off the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3521.1s	3521.1	 table prudently. Doesn't mean you sell everything, but just take some chips off the table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3525.6s	3525.6	 To diversify specifically.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3526.8s	3526.8	 Diversify, yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3527.8s	3527.8	 Yeah. I mean, I think it's absolutely-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3529.7s	3529.7	 I mean, I got to say when you saw these quarterly earnings, there is no better business in the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3535.3s	3535.3	 than Google. Single-handedly par excellence, the most incredible money-making machine that's ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3542.2s	3542.2	 been created and a close second, as it turns out, is Microsoft.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3546.8s	3546.8	 Unbelievable. I mean, just to-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3548.2s	3548.2	 Which is now the most valuable company in the world, greater than Apple.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3550.7s	3550.7	 Well, and Friedberg's been saying this on the podcast forever, but just to give people an idea,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3555.4s	3555.4	 Q3 revenue at Google was up 41% year over year to $65 billion in a quarter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3565.8s	3565.8	 And by the way, that is high margin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3568.1s	3568.1	 High margin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3568.8s	3568.8	 The incremental revenue on the core Google products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3575.6s	3575.6	 operated at an incremental 50% EBITDA margin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3579.0s	3579.0	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3579.0s	3579.0	 And they just adjusted their capex depreciation amortization schedule.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3584.2s	3584.2	 Because they realized that their computers that they use in their data centers last four years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3589.9s	3589.9	 instead of three, and the networking equipment last five years instead of three.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3593.4s	3593.4	 So they're like- and I've been saying this since the beginning because I worked at Google and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3597.8s	3597.8	 Urs is still there, and he runs all the data centers and the networking infrastructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3601.4s	3601.4	 When I worked at Google, there was this amazing project where we built a 10,000-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3605.4s	3605.4	 we didn't build it, they built it, a 10,000 port switch called Firehose, which helped increase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3610.6s	3610.6	 the throughput of the data centers and had these massively parallelized indexing and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3617.1s	3617.1	 production servers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3619.3s	3619.3	 And there was so much investment made from the beginning in building the infrastructure stack,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3623.8s	3623.8	 the flywheel continues to move, spin faster and faster and faster.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3628.0s	3628.0	 And here they are building their own servers, building their own racks, their own data centers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3633.0s	3633.0	 They have their own fiber across the oceans.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3636.3s	3636.3	 Literally the most vertically integrated business in history.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3639.4s	3639.4	 With a moat that no one will ever be able to catch up on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3641.6s	3641.6	 I read all these nonsense comments on the internet about people being like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3644.6s	3644.6	 why doesn't someone else go after search? It's so crazy to me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3647.3s	3647.3	 People fail to recognize that what we see is the tip of the iceberg at Google.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3651.6s	3651.6	 And this flywheel is built by layers and layers of monopolistic, in a good way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3657.8s	3657.8	 monopolistic technical advantages that they've built into this business over the period of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3662.0s	3662.0	 past two decades. And it is extraordinary beyond anything we've ever seen in human history,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3667.4s	3667.4	 how well this commercial enterprise has run. And the reinvestment of capital has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3671.4s	3671.4	 extraordinary. If you look at YouTube in the quarter, YouTube generated, this is insanity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3678.6s	3678.6	 YouTube is now operating at a nearly $30 billion revenue run rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3682.3s	3682.3	 And that's just like pure margin incremental revenue for Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3685.8s	3685.8	 layered on, built off of the same ad network that they were originally running on Google.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3691.4s	3691.4	 Obviously, they have a different ad team now at YouTube. But YouTube now has more revenue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3695.8s	3695.8	 than Netflix and is growing at likely 40 to 60% year over year revenue growth rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3702.9s	3702.9	 Whereas Netflix is considered one of the fang stocks, one of the top stocks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3707.2s	3707.2	 And Netflix is only growing at 22% here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3709.8s	3709.8	 Which removed Netflix and just put Google twice. It should be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3712.6s	3712.6	 And then you look at Google Cloud.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3714.1s	3714.1	 YouTube in there on its own.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3715.5s	3715.5	 And Google Cloud is now operating at a $20 billion run rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3719.0s	3719.0	 And they can just throw these services on top of all these flywheels that they've built.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3724.1s	3724.1	 And they become massive enterprises unto themselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3726.9s	3726.9	 I mean, it is a behemoth that is effectively not a tax in a bad way, but a tax on the internet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3732.7s	3732.7	 Because they are core infrastructure to service almost everything that we all consume and use.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3737.0s	3737.0	 Yeah, but they give it to everybody for free.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3739.3s	3739.3	 And they build the internet for everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3741.6s	3741.6	 They have been extremely smart about competitive pricing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3744.2s	3744.2	 As we saw recently, they dropped the commission in the plate store to 15%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3748.2s	3748.2	 If I'm making an app and I'm giving Apple 30%, now I give Google 15%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3753.0s	3753.0	 I'm more inclined to promote my Android app and that's going to affect users.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3756.1s	3756.1	 And they're putting out this Pixel 6 phone that looks like an incredible piece of equipment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3760.4s	3760.4	 That's cheaper than the iPhone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3761.7s	3761.7	 They're an incredible company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3763.9s	3763.9	 They are so incredibly well run at the top.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3766.3s	3766.3	 Sundar is an incredible CEO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3770.6s	3770.6	 And they are running a money printing pass at Amphitheater Parkway in Mountain View.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3776.4s	3776.4	 I was going to say, Jason, to your point, I was talking to somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3782.5s	3782.5	 and one really interesting thing that this organization did was a couple of years ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3791.7s	3791.7	 they basically went long Google and Microsoft and they shorted Apple, Amazon and Facebook against it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3799.3s	3799.3	 And I asked them why.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3801.3s	3801.3	 And they said, it's the best inflation hedge we could come up with at massive scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3808.6s	3808.6	 that could work in a way where we're long growth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3812.3s	3812.3	 but we're hedged where the types of supply constraints that could come in and kick us in the ass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3818.3s	3818.3	 would never affect Microsoft and Google the same way that it would affect Apple and Amazon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3822.9s	3822.9	 Which by the way, in their earnings results, they said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3825.4s	3825.4	 Amazon has huge issues on the supply chain side.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3827.8s	3827.8	 Apple has huge issues on the supply chain side.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3830.1s	3830.1	 Amazon was up 15%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3831.9s	3831.9	 They missed their numbers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3834.9s	3834.9	 Although Amazon Web Services is up 40% year over year, also on a big number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3840.7s	3840.7	 $16 billion in AWS revenue for Q3.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3845.4s	3845.4	 So that as a standalone company is now on a what do you what did you guys think about meta?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3850.3s	3850.3	 Oh, my god.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3851.2s	3851.2	 I mean, that was did you watch the video?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3854.9s	3854.9	 I watched the whole thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3855.9s	3855.9	 I watched two minutes of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3857.8s	3857.8	 And then I stopped watching PTSD.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3860.6s	3860.6	 I mean, it's basically you have Facebook in the face of all of the things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3867.1s	3867.1	 All the times they got their hand caught in the cookie jar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3870.0s	3870.0	 saying, this is going to be the new world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3872.8s	3872.8	 But instead of us doing everything wrong and screwing the users and their privacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3877.1s	3877.1	 and democracy and creating strife in the world, this time, we're going to make it open source.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3881.6s	3881.6	 This time, we're going to build a coalition and partnership.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3883.9s	3883.9	 And this time, it's going to be awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3886.0s	3886.0	 And it's it's like a dystopian SNL skit, where Zuckerberg is describing the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3891.2s	3891.2	 And he literally describes how proud he is that you're going to be able to play Grand Theft Auto.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3896.8s	3896.8	 And Nick Clegg is like, yeah, this is going to be amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3898.9s	3898.9	 This time, we're going to bring all the regulators and the scientists in to tell us how to build it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3904.7s	3904.7	 And we'll have consensus of how to build the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3906.7s	3906.7	 And you're like, did you just say that everybody in 3D is going to be in a virtual space beating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3912.1s	3912.1	 each other up with bats and guns and killing police officers in Grand Theft Auto?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3916.8s	3916.8	 Luckily, they didn't show a clip of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3918.6s	3918.6	 But it was basically Zuckerberg taking credit for every single
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3923.6s	3923.6	 virtual reality or augmented reality thing you've seen over the last 20 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3927.8s	3927.8	 He literally took everything from education to HoloLens to poker games.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3935.3s	3935.3	 And he took basically credit that this is going to be the future in that instead of this time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3940.5s	3940.5	 it being a closed ecosystem, it would be an open one that supports NFTs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3944.2s	3944.2	 And don't worry this time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3945.9s	3945.9	 I think any developer who puts any amount of their effort into supporting in any way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3951.8s	3951.8	 Zuckerberg's view of the metaverse is crazy when they could do it on a distributed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3956.6s	3956.6	 decentralized crypto based open source platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3961.0s	3961.0	 You do not want to give Zuckerberg any more power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3963.2s	3963.2	 And if there is even a 10 or 20% chance that this is the next big compute platform,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3967.6s	3967.6	 Zuckerberg needs to be stopped from doing it by the market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3970.9s	3970.9	 Wow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3971.4s	3971.4	 Jake, how are you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3972.6s	3972.6	 I think you're crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3973.3s	3973.3	 I think you've lost your mind.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3974.6s	3974.6	 I haven't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3975.8s	3975.8	 Yeah, I think you've lost your mind.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3977.5s	3977.5	 Oh my god.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3978.2s	3978.2	 I have a counter argument too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3979.4s	3979.4	 Okay, David, you start.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3980.5s	3980.5	 Well, I don't even know if I could categorize what I'm about to say as a counter argument.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3984.8s	3984.8	 I don't even know how to counter that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3986.2s	3986.2	 All I would say is look, I think it's really great that Facebook is spending all this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3992.6s	3992.6	 R&D money on metaverse virtual reality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3996.3s	3996.3	 Oculus is a really cool product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=3998.2s	3998.2	 I think Jason, you've made the observation that people use it once,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4001.6s	4001.6	 say it's the coolest thing ever and never use it again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4003.4s	4003.4	 There is that element to it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4005.0s	4005.0	 They have to solve that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4007.0s	4007.0	 Using Oculus for the first time was one of the most unique experience I've ever had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4011.6s	4011.6	 with computing, but I admit I don't use it anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4014.5s	4014.5	 It's just not something I can do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4015.7s	4015.7	 Better or worse than Pornhub the first time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4020.9s	4020.9	 But in any event, look, I think that's his way of saying worse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4026.4s	4026.4	 I think that the fact that Facebook wants to do all this R&D and virtual reality great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4030.9s	4030.9	 Changing the name of the company, however, at this point in time, it felt to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4035.5s	4035.5	 like a little bit like Philip Morris changing his name to Altria Group.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4039.0s	4039.0	 And by the way, I don't buy the idea that Facebook is like cigarettes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4042.7s	4042.7	 I don't believe that at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4044.2s	4044.2	 I don't think it's bad for people in the way that it's been hyped up to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4048.0s	4048.0	 You're saying this is a PR marketing strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4049.9s	4049.9	 But it feels like they're running from their name.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4053.8s	4053.8	 And basically, it's almost like saying, you know, this whole business of social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4057.3s	4057.3	 networking has been so sullied that we need to appear to be a diversified portfolio of companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4063.6s	4063.6	 of which social networking is just one small piece.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4066.0s	4066.0	 A deprecating piece.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4067.4s	4067.4	 Yeah, exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4068.1s	4068.1	 And I don't really buy into that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4070.7s	4070.7	 And I think if that was any part of their motivation, it's a mistake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4074.6s	4074.6	 Because I think the only thing Facebook should do about all these accusations is get up on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4079.8s	4079.8	 their hind legs and fight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4081.4s	4081.4	 Because I think like all these leaks from the so-called whistleblower, I think this is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4086.1s	4086.1	 completely orchestrated political hit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4089.3s	4089.3	 And they should just fight back and push back on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4091.2s	4091.2	 I think the dangers of social networking have been vastly exaggerated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4095.2s	4095.2	 So it seems to me like they're buying into that nonsense by running from their name.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4099.8s	4099.8	 So I at least would not have done this right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4102.1s	4102.1	 I would have won that battle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4103.7s	4103.7	 And then if it was still important to change their name, then I would have changed the name.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4108.4s	4108.4	 Well, they're losing young people at an extraordinary rate on Facebook.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4112.1s	4112.1	 U.S. teenagers were projected to decrease by 45% over the next two years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4115.9s	4115.9	 Young adults between the ages of 20 and 30 were expected to decline by 4% or TikTok,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4121.0s	4121.0	 I think is probably more accurate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4122.1s	4122.1	 TikTok is big.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4122.8s	4122.8	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4123.4s	4123.4	 During the same timeframe via leaked memo obtained by the Verge.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4126.6s	4126.6	 How in the world is Facebook or Instagram more dangerous than TikTok?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4130.9s	4130.9	 I don't get it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4131.8s	4131.8	 No, TikTok is deranged.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4134.2s	4134.2	 But by the way, our Stan making our Henry Belcaster of TikTok is reporting that we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4141.8s	4141.8	 millions of views over there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4142.9s	4142.9	 So there's some rogue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4144.4s	4144.4	 Did I say that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4145.0s	4145.0	 How much I love TikTok?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4146.2s	4146.2	 I love TikTok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4147.0s	4147.0	 He's building our audience.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4148.6s	4148.6	 We're connecting with Gen Z finally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4150.4s	4150.4	 Free bird, go TikTok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4152.4s	4152.4	 Go TikTok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4153.1s	4153.1	 Go CCP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4154.1s	4154.1	 You're right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4154.6s	4154.6	 The TikTok account, there's an all in TikTok account done by a fan and we got like 2 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4159.7s	4159.7	 views in the last week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4160.6s	4160.6	 It is absolutely bonkers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4162.3s	4162.3	 We just passed Rachel Maddow and a bunch of folks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4165.1s	4165.1	 You are more popular than all of MSNBC.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4167.4s	4167.4	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4167.7s	4167.7	 Well, I mean, come on, wait a set the benchmark.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4170.7s	4170.7	 Free bird.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4172.8s	4172.8	 Do you guys remember a year ago, Larry Ellison negotiated this deal with Trump to buy TikTok?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4178.8s	4178.8	 Yeah, he's going to throw in Lenin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4180.4s	4180.4	 Free bird is...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4182.6s	4182.6	 Masa's son was supposed to be on TikTok's board.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4185.0s	4185.0	 By the way, Xi Jinping is on Lenin right now and Larry Ellison got TikTok's fair trade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4191.4s	4191.4	 Nobody talks about the billy that Ellison kicked into Tesla right before it went.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4195.8s	4195.8	 Oh, my God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4196.5s	4196.5	 Zip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4198.5s	4198.5	 He's such a boss.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4199.6s	4199.6	 He made like $12 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4201.0s	4201.0	 $15 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4202.3s	4202.3	 $15 billion?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4203.0s	4203.0	 $15 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4204.0s	4204.0	 He's such a boss.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4205.0s	4205.0	 He put a billion dollar investment, joined the board, told everyone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4208.1s	4208.1	 Zip, zip, zip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4208.8s	4208.8	 Talk all the smack you want about this guy, but he's landing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4213.4s	4213.4	 spaceships on a drone ship in the middle of the ocean.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4216.1s	4216.1	 He'll figure it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4217.7s	4217.7	 He'll figure it out and 15x, it's insane.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4220.6s	4220.6	 But wait, I have one question for Freeberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4222.2s	4222.2	 Is Zuckerberg pulling a Larry Page, i.e. somebody else becomes CEO of the Facebook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4228.3s	4228.3	 collection of companies and then he becomes the chief product officer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4231.8s	4231.8	 and then doesn't have to go to Senate hearings?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4233.8s	4233.8	 No, I think he's way more active and driven in terms of product direction than Larry ever was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4238.5s	4238.5	 So I don't think they're the same person and I wouldn't liken these two at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4242.0s	4242.0	 What about the meta strategy of changing the company name?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4245.4s	4245.4	 By the way, my prediction was that they were, I should have done this on the pod a month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4248.2s	4248.2	 ago. I said they were going to change their name to Meta.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4251.1s	4251.1	 I think that at some point, as you diversify these businesses away from your core and you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4258.2s	4258.2	 have this core engine driving the business, you have to make it look like these businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4263.7s	4263.7	 can and will operate independently.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4266.2s	4266.2	 While they might get some leverage off of one another and one might feed into the other,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4270.5s	4270.5	 they need to be able to operate independently from a kind of public perception,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4274.0s	4274.0	 operating and management perspective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4275.6s	4275.6	 That's what Alphabet did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4276.6s	4276.6	 It's a natural progression of states as you start to do things that are too far
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4280.2s	4280.2	 distinguished from one another.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4282.4s	4282.4	 And so it feels reasonable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4283.8s	4283.8	 I think, you know, is this a whole like PR rebranding?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4286.9s	4286.9	 Maybe to some extent that's helpful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4289.0s	4289.0	 But I do think that this idea that we need to do more than we're doing today and we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4292.3s	4292.3	 to make a big hard cold bet on it is what this represents.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4295.8s	4295.8	 Now, the important psychological question, is he doing it out of a matter of defense?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4303.1s	4303.1	 Meaning, does this signal fear about the core business?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4307.0s	4307.0	 Or is it about ambition and aggression and rebets on new opportunities and emerging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4312.7s	4312.7	 opportunities that he thinks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4313.6s	4313.6	 And that's the big debate that I think is kind of going on right now is how much often when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4317.5s	4317.5	 you see people make big moves like this, it's either out of greed or out of fear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4321.6s	4321.6	 And I think some people are asking the question, how much should we be afraid of the core
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4326.2s	4326.2	 business being eroded based on his making this sort of a big bet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4329.5s	4329.5	 Or you think this could perpetuate that or it's a bit of a tell that this is happening?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4333.6s	4333.6	 A tell.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4334.2s	4334.2	 A guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4334.6s	4334.6	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4335.4s	4335.4	 And I'm not saying that's the case.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4336.6s	4336.6	 I'm saying that's the question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4337.8s	4337.8	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4338.3s	4338.3	 And that's the question a lot of people are asking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4340.2s	4340.2	 Is this a tell that the core business is at serious risk?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4344.4s	4344.4	 Well, he's putting 10 billion into it this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4347.4s	4347.4	 For example, this Apple ad revenue business, I think, is climbing by billions of dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4352.5s	4352.5	 while Facebook's core business is being affected by the cookie tracking policy change on Apple iOS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4359.0s	4359.0	 So at the same time that Apple's reaping these benefits from the changes that they've made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4363.8s	4363.8	 in iOS, people don't really have great visibility into how much it's really affecting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4368.8s	4368.8	 Facebook's ad revenue at this point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4370.5s	4370.5	 And this could be, as you point out, the tell that maybe things aren't that good and he needs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4374.5s	4374.5	 to diversify and he needs to make a big aggressive bet elsewhere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4377.4s	4377.4	 So, you know, we'll see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4379.0s	4379.0	 I mean, important question, Chamath, are we going to celebrate the birth of both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4383.8s	4383.8	 your and Friedberg's daughters with a poker game?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4389.0s	4389.0	 With my gambling?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4391.6s	4391.6	 Do you want me to give you my thoughts on that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4393.0s	4393.0	 Or no, you don't care?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4393.6s	4393.6	 No, it's a joke.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4395.1s	4395.1	 Can you take a paternity to go to?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4398.6s	4398.6	 I got a board meeting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4399.3s	4399.3	 I got to go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4399.7s	4399.7	 Bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4400.2s	4400.2	 All right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4401.6s	4401.6	 For the queen of quinoa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4403.5s	4403.5	 Wait, wait, wait.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4404.0s	4404.0	 Don't you want to know what I think?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4405.1s	4405.1	 I think on the meta thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4406.4s	4406.4	 I think the risk is if Google and Apple take the hardware costs to zero, because I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4414.1s	4414.1	 there's an incentive in a highly fragmented ecosystem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4417.0s	4417.0	 You have to remember when Apple introduced the iPhone, there was nothing that came before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4420.8s	4420.8	 it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4421.0s	4421.0	 So it was completely groundbreaking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4422.6s	4422.6	 And I think what Facebook has to figure out is how to make their VR experience so revolutionary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4427.1s	4427.1	 that it attracts developers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4429.2s	4429.2	 And in the meantime, if Apple and Google figure out how to kind of give it away for free and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4433.7s	4433.7	 just kind of make it a low cost hardware game where everything else, Jason, as you say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4439.4s	4439.4	 is this kind of open source thing where it's like a browser, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4443.0s	4443.0	 Where everything just exists in a defy kind of world, like the web and the internet, then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4447.5s	4447.5	 it's a little bit more problematic for all the money spent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4450.3s	4450.3	 That's what they have to figure out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4451.4s	4451.4	 Do you think it's going to be VR or AR?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4456.1s	4456.1	 What wins the day with consumers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4459.1s	4459.1	 Well, that's a good question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4460.7s	4460.7	 I mean, they're very different experiences.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4462.4s	4462.4	 Both can win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4463.4s	4463.4	 But we're not talking 20 years from now, which one will be used more or 10 years from now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4468.2s	4468.2	 10 to 20 years from now, which one will make more money, be more relevant, be more utilized?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4473.0s	4473.0	 Well, I mean, AR, the dream there is that you wear these glasses that have like the Terminator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4478.4s	4478.4	 view, where it's like scanning the world and giving information.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4480.7s	4480.7	 You'll never forget anyone's name again, stuff like that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4484.2s	4484.2	 That would be kind of useful, maybe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4487.2s	4487.2	 VR, I think, is more about immersion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4489.4s	4489.4	 It's really like a gaming experience, I think, at least now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4492.8s	4492.8	 I think it's all about AR.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4494.0s	4494.0	 Basically, what he was saying there, he was talking about VR, I think VR lets you make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4497.7s	4497.7	 the worlds, and then AR lets you experience them concurrently with the real world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4502.5s	4502.5	 And it's the same tools and libraries and kits.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4505.9s	4505.9	 As a developer, making it for VR, AR is going to be pretty, I think, seamless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4511.1s	4511.1	 And so I think Apple has skipped VR on purpose, and they're going to AR.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4515.5s	4515.5	 I think Google is basically going to go directly to AR.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4519.1s	4519.1	 And then where does that leave?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4521.6s	4521.6	 And then Microsoft already has HoloLens that they've been investing in heavily, and I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4525.1s	4525.1	 they got the biggest lead that at least we publicly know about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4528.2s	4528.2	 So I think it's going to be a race for who can get AR to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4530.6s	4530.6	 And VR is just like kind of a waypoint on the way there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4537.0s	4537.0	 There's a lot of stuff going on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4538.6s	4538.6	 And I'm sure that people will want to check out of the real world for a lot of things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4543.6s	4543.6	 They'll probably also want to be in the real world for some part of their life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4547.5s	4547.5	 And at some point, maybe if those two things merge, that distinction won't matter as much.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4552.7s	4552.7	 And I think if the experience is compelling enough, it could happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4557.4s	4557.4	 Well, I mean, if you think about us playing poker on the poker, one of those poker apps,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4561.5s	4561.5	 if we could put our glasses on, sit in our room and see each other at a poker table,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4565.8s	4565.8	 you know, like if Bogut wanted to play from Australia, and he was playing poker, he could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4571.5s	4571.5	 play with glasses, and if Bogut wanted to play from Australia, and he was, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4575.0s	4575.0	 projected into the seat on the game, and we all saw them there with glasses, AR glasses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4578.8s	4578.8	 that would be amazing, wouldn't it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4580.3s	4580.3	 Sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4580.8s	4580.8	 To be able to, you know, have two of the people at the game be projected in, as it were.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4586.8s	4586.8	 Could be, especially if it was Diego, I mean, that would be pretty great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4589.9s	4589.9	 I mean, for that type of the good of the game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4592.6s	4592.6	 I did a tweet where I said this in VR, people leave it on the shelf, and I, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4596.6s	4596.6	 a bunch of people got in my face about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4598.5s	4598.5	 And then we had like, actually really good discussion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4601.6s	4601.6	 And I said, well, what about serious gamers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4604.2s	4604.2	 Because I'm talking about serious gamers, they all buy it, and then they never use it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4607.0s	4607.0	 They said, yeah, it's not for serious gamers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4608.2s	4608.2	 I said, okay, well, what about iPad gamers and casual gamers and bejeweled and candy crush?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4612.4s	4612.4	 They're like, oh, yeah, they're not interested in it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4614.4s	4614.4	 And I'm like, well, who are the gamers then?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4616.1s	4616.1	 Is it the intense ones or the casual ones?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4617.7s	4617.7	 They said, no, it's a new category.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4619.6s	4619.6	 The number one game like Rec Room, Beat Saber and Golf are like crushing it with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4625.9s	4625.9	 million users a month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4627.0s	4627.0	 In some cases, you know what they all have in common?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4629.7s	4629.7	 Their physical activities where you get some amount of exercise, and it would be very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4633.1s	4633.1	 difficult to coordinate in the real world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4634.6s	4634.6	 I know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4634.8s	4634.8	 But Jason, when you look at things like like Axie Infinity, where, you know, there are play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4639.0s	4639.0	 to earn movements that are happening in sort of this, you know, layer three kind of DeFi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4644.6s	4644.6	 world where you're getting paid to basically, you know, play games, that could be a job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4649.7s	4649.7	 And then you will spend eight to 10 hours in a metaverse of some sort.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4653.3s	4653.3	 So these things are very possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4655.2s	4655.2	 I find it so dystopian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4657.8s	4657.8	 That's true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4658.3s	4658.3	 But I'm sure that our parents find some parts of our lifestyle, dystopian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4662.9s	4662.9	 And, you know, we find certain parts of our kids lives dystopian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4666.0s	4666.0	 It's just what happens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4667.2s	4667.2	 Yeah, I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4669.6s	4669.6	 All right, everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4670.3s	4670.3	 We will play poker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4671.2s	4671.2	 We will play poker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4671.9s	4671.9	 Yeah, we got to play poker at some point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4673.2s	4673.2	 I mean, either either Tuesday or Thursday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4676.3s	4676.3	 Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4676.6s	4676.6	 Yeah, well, that's good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4677.4s	4677.4	 Perfect.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4677.7s	4677.7	 Babies will be like almost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4679.4s	4679.4	 Sax, which which days are you going to flake?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4681.8s	4681.8	 Tuesday and Thursday?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4682.7s	4682.7	 Which day will you play?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4683.7s	4683.7	 Tuesday and Thursday?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4685.1s	4685.1	 Thursday, sexy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4685.8s	4685.8	 Let's do Tuesday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4686.3s	4686.3	 Do I have to come pick you up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4688.0s	4688.0	 I can play on Tuesday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4689.2s	4689.2	 All right, everybody for the Queen of Quinoa, the Rain Man and the Dictator.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4694.2s	4694.2	 I'm Jason Calacanis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4695.3s	4695.3	 We'll see you all next time on All In.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4697.8s	4697.8	 Love you besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4714.6s	4714.6	 Oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4730.8s	4730.8	 we should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4734.2s	4734.2	 useless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4734.7s	4734.7	 It's like this like sexual tension that they just need to release somehow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4738.9s	4738.9	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4739.2s	4739.2	 You're a bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4740.2s	4740.2	 Bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4740.5s	4740.5	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4741.0s	4741.0	 You're a bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4741.7s	4741.7	 You're a bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4742.3s	4742.3	 Bee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4742.9s	4742.9	 What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLbqX3R0kI&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=82&t=4743.3s	4743.3	 We need to get merch.
