https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=0.0s	0.0	 It was very interesting going to sex is kids birthday party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4.8s	4.8	 Freeberg and I were there for about two or three hours,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=7.0s	7.0	 sack showed up for the last half hour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=11.2s	11.2	 I think I was there for two hours and didn't see sex and then I saw him on my way out the door.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=14.6s	14.6	 But he had some youtubers there who were pretty cool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=16.6s	16.6	 Yeah, Papa Jake and Logan. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=18.3s	18.3	 Papa Jake was great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=19.8s	19.8	 Yeah, you know, they have 7 million followers on YouTube.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=22.9s	22.9	 Eat your heart out, J Cal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=25.0s	25.0	 How many times bigger is Papa Jake than you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=27.3s	27.3	 Business and podcasting on YouTube is a new concept, long form.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=33.4s	33.4	 And long form is not what the algorithm is designed for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=36.4s	36.4	 So obviously, it is run for short form and people getting to completion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=39.2s	39.2	 So getting to completion on a 90 minute video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=42.0s	42.0	 Are we talking about lovemaking again?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=43.4s	43.4	 Sorry. Oh, God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=45.0s	45.0	 Jesus. When I say completion, I it's not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=48.6s	48.6	 We need an HR department at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=50.2s	50.2	 And I prefer the short form format for that too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=52.7s	52.7	 Hey, everybody. Welcome to another episode of the All In Podcast. It's episode 56.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=79.7s	79.7	 We've made it past 55.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=81.5s	81.5	 The show the band is still together coming to you every Friday night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=85.8s	85.8	 Far too late because the Rain Man obsesses over every edit in the podcast with us again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=92.1s	92.1	 The All In Scorsese himself, David Rain Man Sax and the Queen of Quinoa,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=97.8s	97.8	 the Sultan of Science, David Friedberg is here and with a power sweater that cost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=106.9s	106.9	 No, turtleneck, turtleneck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=108.4s	108.4	 I'm sorry, a power turtleneck that cost more than your mortgage payment this month.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=114.5s	114.5	 The dictator himself, Chamath, Palihappitya.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=117.7s	117.7	 I'm Jay Kal. It was a pretty incredible week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=120.2s	120.2	 I think we have to pander to the cryptocurrency crowd because that's just making ratings go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=125.4s	125.4	 through the roof here. I am absolutely inspired by what we saw this week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=129.0s	129.0	 with the Constitution Dow forming in about a week and going from one or two million to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=135.5s	135.5	 $46 million raised through a Dow if you don't know what these decentralized autonomous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=143.0s	143.0	 organizations are. It's basically analogous to a corporate structure, but that's written in code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=150.3s	150.3	 so you can get a group of people together typically in a discord. Then you create a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=154.5s	154.5	 smart contract. They collect in a wallet, a bunch of ETH or it's typically ETH right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=161.1s	161.1	 And then you get some kind of governance written into the Dow where people get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=165.1s	165.1	 voting power. They brought this together to bid on one of 13 copies of the original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=171.6s	171.6	 Constitution of the United States. And it was a very controversial moment last night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=177.9s	177.9	 When 80% of the money was raised in the last 48 hours, and there was this crazy auction going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=183.4s	183.4	 back and forth with two representatives of Sotheby's on the phone, it hit $41 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=190.9s	190.9	 Everybody thought that the Dow had won, which would have meant that almost 20,000 people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=197.3s	197.3	 participated in this would then vote on what to do with this $41 million offer. CoinDesk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=203.4s	203.4	 incorrectly reported that the Dow won. And then the Dow announced that they had in fact not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=210.5s	210.5	 Some other statistics, their Twitter has 36,000 followers. The group reported they needed 14
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=217.0s	217.0	 million to participate 30 million to be competitive and 40 million to have a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=220.2s	220.2	 chance of winning. They raised like, I think six or 7 million while they were on the air,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=225.7s	225.7	 you know, and the auction had started. And the only downside to all of this is that there were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=232.0s	232.0	 huge gas fees. People were spending 30 4050 bucks to donate 200, which was the average
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=239.3s	239.3	 size of these. Yeah, they should have done it on Solana.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=242.3s	242.3	 All right, so here we go. Talking our own book again. Now we got somebody's gonna clip this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=247.7s	247.7	 It's a lot of here we go. What are you gonna do with your copy of the Constitution?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=252.6s	252.6	 You know, it's so funny. Are you going to auction it back to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=255.8s	255.8	 Dow? Are you going to burn it and make an NFT out of it? So it's funny. I did buy something at these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=262.6s	262.6	 auctions. Yesterday's quite unique. I will I will not comment on what it was. But was it that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=268.5s	268.5	 turtleneck? No, but the Banksy. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But I did. So but I watched these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=279.1s	279.1	 auctions closely, I guess is what I'm trying to say. And I was surprised that the US Constitution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=283.8s	283.8	 for sold so little, you know, for a basically like the Magna Carta of the best startup that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=289.9s	289.9	 ever been created. Well, but there's 13 of them, right. So on a market cap basis, on a market cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=295.4s	295.4	 basis, you got multiplied by 13. Yeah, great. 13 times 40 is still one of the originals. It was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=300.3s	300.3	 the printing after the original was signed. We have a 20. We've created a $22 trillion a year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=305.5s	305.5	 startup that keeps compounding by 45% a year, I would have thought these things would be worth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=309.5s	309.5	 you know, a couple hundred million each. Well, there's a lot of there's a lot of US memorabilia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=314.3s	314.3	 But yeah, I mean, but what I don't understand is the US Constitution, David is not as it's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=319.5s	319.5	 worth as much as it used to be. That's well, you know, you got other you got you got the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=323.3s	323.3	 original. So yeah, there's a lot of documents you got the Declaration of Independence, you got,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=327.7s	327.7	 you know, the Gettysburg Address, there's time a dozen, the tea party memo,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=332.4s	332.4	 I actually think citizens united, technically, guys, the citizens united, if it was written not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=337.4s	337.4	 one time, in one document, by the Supreme Court, that would be worth much more than 40 million,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=343.6s	343.6	 because it's basically invalidated most of the Constitution. Well, here's one of the interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=347.8s	347.8	 things that happened here. David, David, David acknowledged that what I just said is true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=353.0s	353.0	 I don't even understand what you just said. But I just said, if you had printed the citizens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=356.6s	356.6	 united verdict from the Supreme Court on a piece of that would be worth more than $40 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=361.7s	361.7	 It was like democracy 2.0 is what you're saying. I don't understand why people are getting so swept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=365.5s	365.5	 up in this thing is kind of mean either mean either. That's what you guys are missing is this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=370.2s	370.2	 is a critical moment in the history of cryptocurrencies, because the first three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=374.6s	374.6	 major use cases of cryptocurrency were kind of you had money transfer, which is not as good as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=381.0s	381.0	 PayPal or Venmo or many other solutions. Jason, I think you had store of value. Hold on, let me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=386.2s	386.2	 finish store of value, which is like, who cares is playing with the store of value. And then NFTs got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=390.6s	390.6	 interesting. But these DAOs are absolutely game changing the ability to have $47 million show up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=399.1s	399.1	 and be prepared to be deployed in 48 hours. That's not what he's saying. You ever hear of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=405.2s	405.2	 ICOs were illegal, and they've been banned. And people are being how is that any different? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=409.6s	409.6	 because DAOs have governance, gals have governance, and it's a programmable government.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=414.1s	414.1	 It's a programmable corporate entity is huge things. If these things transfer ownership
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=419.4s	419.4	 interest, they will be regulated like security. Of course, that is a very important point. And in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=423.8s	423.8	 this particular model, the idea was it would all be kind of part of a nonprofit and it would not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=428.7s	428.7	 be kind of donations. In fact, there are donations. And so as soon as these DAOs, which they should,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=433.6s	433.6	 and it's an incredibly powerful tool, if it does actually become a security instrument,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=437.5s	437.5	 then it changes everything. And it is going to be that my whole thing is like, it's one thing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=443.8s	443.8	 outside the US first, right? And then it'll be crypto, ex US crypto investments that are going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=448.5s	448.5	 to drive this. And that's why the US is going to be left behind. Here's what you're missing. These
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=452.7s	452.7	 DAOs are pushing the envelope in the same way Airbnb and Uber did in terms of, you know, bending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=458.2s	458.2	 the rules about ride sharing or renting your extra room. These DAOs are kind of breaking securities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=464.0s	464.0	 laws. They were telling people were buying the constitution, people who donated thought they were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=468.3s	468.3	 buying part of it. We're not, we're not missing the point. So, okay, but here's the thing. If
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=473.8s	473.8	 they bend the rules like this, what they showed to the SEC is that there is a huge appetite for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=479.5s	479.5	 people to quickly form groups of capital at low dollar amounts to do something important or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=485.0s	485.0	 interesting in the world. And Americans now have a taste of that. They're going to continue to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=489.0s	489.0	 a taste of it. And I think it's going to force the accreditation laws to change. I disagree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=493.9s	493.9	 I think that what it showed is that this is yet another explanation of fractionalized ownership
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=500.6s	500.6	 that demand existed well before DAOs. Totally it exists today. It'll exist tomorrow. A DAO was just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=507.7s	507.7	 yet another on ramp, but much like most fractional ownerships are terrible financial trades for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=514.6s	514.6	 crappy assets. So was this so set differently. If you're going to spend the time to open a Robin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=521.1s	521.1	 Hood or E-Trade account, it still matters whether you buy a share of Lycos or a share of Google.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=526.9s	526.9	 Right. Okay. And so whether you do a DAO or whether you have an LLC, to me, it's irrelevant. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=533.5s	533.5	 underlying asset didn't make any sense, had zero chance in my opinion of any meaningful appreciation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=539.8s	539.8	 And so if you really want to make something work, and if you want to prove the DAO, then I would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=545.1s	545.1	 have hoped that they would have actually asked a few smart people, hey guys, people who buy art,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=549.8s	549.8	 people who know crypto, what are some assets that I should own? Because if this thing does appreciate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=554.7s	554.7	 you'll do more to prove the questions that you just asked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=558.4s	558.4	 Obviously the value is greater than what the DAO thought it was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=560.9s	560.9	 Jason, you're speaking like an accredited investor. This is non-accredited investors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=565.4s	565.4	 who are doing this. I know. And that unsophistication was clear. The stupidest thing you can do if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=570.4s	570.4	 enter an auction, okay, is to declare how you're going to be an underbitter. So like it's basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=576.5s	576.5	 saying, hey guys, here's my top tick, and I'm willing to be, and so now you force these guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=582.4s	582.4	 to be the underbitter at a dollar over their best price. Okay, that's fine. That's a mechanical issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=586.8s	586.8	 Sax, what do you think? Well, I wonder if the reason why they chose this particular type of asset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=594.7s	594.7	 is because it's collectible and therefore it's explicitly excluded from the securities laws.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=598.5s	598.5	 So basically, maybe they're limited in terms of what they can go after because they don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=603.6s	603.6	 want to be a security. But if that's the case, then it does limit, I think, the applicability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=610.8s	610.8	 of DAOs, right? Because what you want is to create corporations that are programmable,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=615.5s	615.5	 that you can have shareholder votes through the tokens, things like that. Basically, a digital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=621.2s	621.2	 version of what they do analog in the real world with shareholder meetings and stuff like that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=626.7s	626.7	 that nobody ever attends. Yeah, nobody ever attends these shareholder meetings. And I get these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=631.8s	631.8	 notices of votes that are to be held. Nobody ever fills, yeah, no one fills that stuff out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=636.6s	636.6	 Well, and people have super share, super voting, and so you feel like you have no say. But in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=641.3s	641.3	 case, you do have a say. And they're going to do assets like, imagine somebody had 10,000 acres
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=647.5s	647.5	 of rainforest or a national, potential national park, and all of a sudden you pop up a DAO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=653.0s	653.0	 And if the SEC says, you know what, $500 or less, you can bet your money however you want. Hold on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=658.5s	658.5	 let me finish. And they take that $500 and you get a million people to put $500 in, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=664.0s	664.0	 completely conceivable. Somebody could buy $500 million worth of national forests and say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=669.1s	669.1	 I'm going to make this into a public trust to protect the environment. This is on the brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=675.0s	675.0	 of changing the world. ICOs had no governance. They had no governance that was missing. It was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=681.2s	681.2	 what you're saying. Hold on, ICOs were for the benefit of the scumbags who did those griffs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=686.3s	686.3	 ran away with the money. This is an organization with a predetermined governance structure. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=692.1s	692.1	 is like creating a new country or a new format for an LLC. That's what you're missing. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=697.3s	697.3	 are you done? Yes, what you're missing, you're painting the optimistic scenario of what these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=703.8s	703.8	 things could do. And you're correct. But what's always happened in the history of humanity is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=709.3s	709.3	 these scenarios have resolved to people figuring out ways to scam other people to make money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=715.4s	715.4	 While this one looks altruistic, let me finish without interrupting. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=721.5s	721.5	 But just like this looks like a great altruistic action, we're going to go out and buy the US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=727.4s	727.4	 Constitution. The next deal will end up being some shitty art piece that's worth 100 grand,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=732.8s	732.8	 as Chamath points out. They'll buy it for 10 million, everyone will lose their ass.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=735.9s	735.9	 And the next 500 will look the same. And that's why we have securities regulators and securities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=739.9s	739.9	 laws. Because in the past, when these sorts of structures that weren't digitally governed and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=744.0s	744.0	 all this sort of stuff, and people would go around and they would put together pools of money from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=747.7s	747.7	 other people and promise them the world, and then they would turn around and steal their money and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=751.6s	751.6	 walk away, we created securities regulators that could oversee and not have independent governance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=756.9s	756.9	 but have distributed governance across a regulatory system to make sure that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=760.6s	760.6	 doesn't happen. And that's the slippery slope of where this goes. I'll say one more thing about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=764.5s	764.5	 the structure of this particular DAO, which I know can be resolved, but it creates a problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=771.0s	771.0	 in that everyone is betting or investing a fixed dollar amount without knowing how much equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=776.4s	776.4	 they're getting. And so when you say, hey, I'm going to put in $500, and there's currently 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=781.0s	781.0	 million dollars, or let's say there's $10,000 in this thing, it's like, hey, okay, I've got 5%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=785.4s	785.4	 ownership in this thing. If the next guy shows up and puts in $10,000, you now have 2.5% ownership
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=791.0s	791.0	 in this thing. And you've inflated the value of the thing you're buying. And that's effectively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=794.5s	794.5	 what happened in the structure of this particular DAO, where the more money people put in, the more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=798.9s	798.9	 they were paying and the less they were owning, and you couldn't adjust that. The correct structure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=803.8s	803.8	 in the future for people that do care about equity and ownership will be, I want to buy 1%, and I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=808.0s	808.0	 willing to pay a max of $500 to buy that 1%. And with that rule engine, which I know can be built
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=813.2s	813.2	 into DAOs, people can then structure what they're willing to bid and how much they're willing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=816.6s	816.6	 participate in. And the DAO as a whole can resolve what it's willing to pay to go buy an asset. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=820.7s	820.7	 everyone can feel like they know what they're getting as they get into these things. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=824.2s	824.2	 the third problem with this particular DAO, as we saw, and I know it's the first big one like this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=827.6s	827.6	 with the obvious point that these guys were showing the world how much they were about to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=831.3s	831.3	 go bid on this asset. And if you take $46 million and you divide it by 1.13, which, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=838.1s	838.1	 remember, there's a 13% buyers premium on this asset, they showed everyone what they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=842.1s	842.1	 to pay. And of course, they lost at a dollar over. They were the underbidder. I'll say something else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=847.0s	847.0	 The only fractionalized asset that has ever been proven to appreciate reliably are stocks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=853.9s	853.9	 Every other fractionalized asset where you take something, and then you divvy it up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=859.0s	859.0	 generally has been a trash burger. You need to either own the whole thing yourself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=865.0s	865.0	 Or if you're going to own it with a bunch of other people, the only thing that's reliable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=869.1s	869.1	 are equities. Now, that's just a historical artifact for how money has been made. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=874.6s	874.6	 I appreciate Jason, what you're saying, which is I think actually you care about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=878.4s	878.4	 the structure because I think it has huge implications to people pursuing wealth creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=883.1s	883.1	 for themselves for people participating in private markets. But I do think that you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=887.9s	887.9	 overblowing this one example, because I don't think this showed any of that. I think that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=893.0s	893.0	 showed how unreliable and useless Ethereum is as a transactional layer for these things. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=900.2s	900.2	 the fact that these poor people now have money stuck in a Dow that they can't get out of because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=905.1s	905.1	 they would the gas fees would negate their contribution. So that didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=910.7s	910.7	 the bumps in the road. Please, you got to hold on. It didn't prove governance because as David said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=916.2s	916.2	 we had this inflationary outcome, where all of a sudden, I didn't know the equity that I owned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=922.3s	922.3	 The transparency worked against them because you're bidding on an asset where you were clear about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=926.1s	926.1	 the threshold max price you could pay. So you had no pricing power, and you had no opacity in your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=932.6s	932.6	 bidding strategy. So I think that this was a PR lark. And in fact, they said it started out as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=939.5s	939.5	 joke, and it took on a head of steam. And so I think they felt like they had to execute what I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=943.4s	943.4	 would say is, there are going to be some really amazing examples of Dows. This proved none of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=949.0s	949.0	 those things that the amazing ones will prove in my opinion. And this will invite regulatory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=953.8s	953.8	 scrutiny faster than it will keep it away, right? You will see, you know, more of these scenarios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=959.3s	959.3	 where people get screwed out of money like they did in this particular case. And I know a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=962.7s	962.7	 everyone that participated in this down, I know that there's altruistic reasons. Who do they sue?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=966.6s	966.6	 Who do they sue? The people who do they sue? Who do they go after now that they lost the $200 that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=971.1s	971.1	 they contributed? Yeah, I mean, there's there's there's no structure. And I think that's part of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=975.5s	975.5	 the regulatory, you know, how do they get the money back? I can respond to who's the person that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=981.7s	981.7	 who's the person that like, you know, what, honestly, if that doubt, if that doubt had called me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=987.5s	987.5	 I could have actually bid for them and actually won that fucking thing for half the price.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=992.4s	992.4	 You know what I mean? So you got anything? You want to chime in? No. I mean, well, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=998.4s	998.4	 like to give a closing argument. Why don't you go for it? All right. Number one, you're all speaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1003.2s	1003.2	 like a bunch of rich, accredited investors. We need to think about people who do not get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1009.5s	1009.5	 participate. And what I see in my day job is people go to an equity crowdfunding site, it's too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1015.7s	1015.7	 arduous to allow non accredited investors to invest, it takes months, and it's tons of paperwork.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1020.9s	1020.9	 So then what happens is the best deal flow, which goes to the people who are on this podcast, who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1025.0s	1025.0	 are already rich, we get to sweep up all the best deals, because people who are founders and who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1030.2s	1030.2	 have opportunities in corporations do not bother doing equity crowdfunding because the SEC, in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1035.8s	1035.8	 their wisdom to try to protect people and they have good intent, to your point, Friedberg has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1040.2s	1040.2	 made it so arduous and painful for people that they then don't do it, the founders I'm talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1045.4s	1045.4	 about, this then keeps people down. And when we were all poor, we got to spend our money gambling,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1051.8s	1051.8	 or doing whatever we want with it. But we all would have wanted to have when we were non accredited,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1056.6s	1056.6	 the ability to place a bet on a startup. And y'all are forgetting that. And what's gonna happen here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1064.2s	1064.2	 all of what you're saying, all of what you're saying, Chamath, in terms of the problems here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1066.4s	1066.4	 are absolutely accurate and valid. And those are what you need. You need to identify through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1071.8s	1071.8	 projects like this, the gas fees are a problem. So people can move this to Solana, you need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1075.9s	1075.9	 find out that they don't know how to do bidding. And maybe they shouldn't say how much has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1079.2s	1079.2	 raised, so that they can come in and bid more intelligently. And maybe they do need to pick a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1083.4s	1083.4	 better target. But this is $200 per person there. You guys are acting like these people are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1088.4s	1088.4	 lose their shirts. We agree with you. I agree with you. I agree with me. I agree 1000%. I'm a free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1094.0s	1094.0	 markets guy. I would love for there to be no regulation. And everyone will come in. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1097.9s	1097.9	 problem is society won't let that happen. And that's the point I'm trying to make. It's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1101.0s	1101.0	 other societies have other societies. No, if you're in the UK, if you're in Australia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1106.1s	1106.1	 you can go gamble and you can go bet on startups. There are different accreditation laws, we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1110.6s	1110.6	 antiquated ones that the United States, the United States regulatory regime will be invoked, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1116.7s	1116.7	 people will lose money, and individuals will raise their hand and say, I put money into a Dow that I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1121.4s	1121.4	 lost my ass on and enough 1000s of people do that. And then Elizabeth Warren and AOC will get on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1127.4s	1127.4	 their horse and they'll say, let's, let's fix this problem. Bernie Sanders will say this is unfair,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1133.0s	1133.0	 the billionaires are taking the money from people. And so I agree with you, we should let people take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1136.9s	1136.9	 risks, we should let people lose money, we should drop all the regulatory burden. My point is really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1142.0s	1142.0	 that I think structurally, what's going to happen is there are going to be more of these things that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1145.5s	1145.5	 are going to show up that will rip people off. And that will heighten regulatory interests. And people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1149.5s	1149.5	 will come along and they'll start to clamp down on this stuff. And that's, that's my point. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1152.7s	1152.7	 I also think this example has nothing to do with what you're talking about. I think what you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1156.4s	1156.4	 talking about, J Cal is laudable. And we should all want that because I think that the broader
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1161.4s	1161.4	 number of people that get to participate in the wealth creation in tech, the better. But there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1167.3s	1167.3	 different ways of doing that. I don't think we have to run full force and embrace the Dow as the only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1171.8s	1171.8	 way that that happens. And I think that structurally, the the demote the democratic norms inside of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1178.8s	1178.8	 Dow, in many ways make it much harder to govern inside a regulatory framework. And it does set up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1185.9s	1185.9	 a very binary decision by the SEC and US regulators, which unfortunately, they're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1191.5s	1191.5	 going to go and be supportive of because the binary decision to support them would effectively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1197.4s	1197.4	 negate their oversight. That's right. Yeah, they got jobs to keep to they have jobs to keep and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1203.1s	1203.1	 I mean, I think it's a cynical and accurate prediction that they will fight it. But what you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1208.6s	1208.6	 may not be aware of is that there is in the Startup Act from years ago, they did allow equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1214.6s	1214.6	 crowdfunding, they put a lot of throttling on it. And now they're going to let you get accredited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1218.8s	1218.8	 through taking a course, or like kind of having a driver's license or a gun permit. So it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1223.7s	1223.7	 conceivable that the next time a Dow happens, and they're trying to buy and stop conflating these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1229.3s	1229.3	 things together. You know, we've had iterations in the crowdfunding rules, you're just trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1234.8s	1234.8	 tag this with the Dow can can you just separate it? Wait, hold on a second. Can I just ask you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1239.0s	1239.0	 question? Can you please just describe and acknowledge that the crowdfunding rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1243.9s	1243.9	 had iteratively evolved? Yes, yes. Okay, so just separate the two, they're not the same thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1250.9s	1250.9	 They are two sides of the same coin because they're not allows allow a global participation in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1256.6s	1256.6	 and the capital can be formed instantly. This was done in days. That's what's so powerful about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1262.2s	1262.2	 It costs 10s of 1000s to 100s of dollars to do an equity crowdfunding. This costs nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1267.5s	1267.5	 because it was for a in an ethereal superficial asset with a name that people recognize. Let me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1273.8s	1273.8	 hold on a second. Now let me replace the US Constitution with I don't know, Jason, you just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1280.1s	1280.1	 sent a deal a day ago. What was the name of it? Let's just call it acme.com. Sure. Now what are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1286.6s	1286.6	 people supposed to do? It's not a known asset. They are not known founders. There may be turbulent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1293.0s	1293.0	 issues inside the company that are still being hammered out. What are these people supposed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1296.8s	1296.8	 do? How are they intelligent? A small bet. Place a small bet, do some research, vote on it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1301.7s	1301.7	 do collective research in a discord. You're looking you have a bunch of researchers working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1305.7s	1305.7	 for you. You defended the army. You have a team. Your team does research and they're smart people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1312.0s	1312.0	 and they get paid very well. You were praising the coverage that Wall Street bets did on GME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1318.7s	1318.7	 on this podcast 40 episodes ago, you were saying how incredible their research was, because they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1324.2s	1324.2	 were analyzing public companies who are governed by securities law. They can't do that with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1328.7s	1328.7	 private company. Yes, because there are no rules that govern disclosure. GameStop had very strict
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1335.8s	1335.8	 disclosure rules because they were public. That was what allowed Wall Street bets to understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1341.5s	1341.5	 what was going on under the hood of GameStop. It was the disclosure of the funds that the SECs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1346.9s	1346.9	 force you to make that allowed people to understand the long and the short book that was building
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1351.5s	1351.5	 against it. If that was in the private markets, that data is not obligated to be provided in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1357.7s	1357.7	 wild, Wall Street bets would have had no idea. I think you're actually proving the opposite of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1363.8s	1363.8	 what you intend, which is it's the regulatory framework that allowed the retail GME position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1368.8s	1368.8	 to happen. Go ahead, David. And then- Yeah, can I translate what J. Cal is saying? I think what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1373.3s	1373.3	 J. Cal is saying is that we need to create some space here for innovation so that entrepreneurs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1378.2s	1378.2	 can work out the kinks of these DOWs so that one day J. Cal can run a syndicate on a blockchain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1384.6s	1384.6	 and fundraise that way. Isn't that what you're saying, J. Cal? Or anybody. I mean, here's what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1388.7s	1388.7	 I'll say. When we do a syndicate amongst accredited investors- You're kind of checking your book here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1392.2s	1392.2	 in a weird way. No, no, no. I didn't mention the syndicate. I didn't mention the syndicate.com once.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1396.6s	1396.6	 Except for this time. You saw ICOs as competitors to your syndicates, but now you're all on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1400.7s	1400.7	 DOW train. ICOs, I thought were too big. So I think you could solve this problem by looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1407.4s	1407.4	 at the bet size that people are allowed to make. So you can just say, hey, the upper limit is 5k.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1411.6s	1411.6	 So now you've basically taken the individual cratering. Well, because if you wanted to create
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1416.2s	1416.2	 a regulatory environment, well, because it would- No, I think that makes sense. You created a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1421.0s	1421.0	 de minimis exception so that- Honestly, guys. That could be 100% of someone's net worth and 1% of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1426.0s	1426.0	 another's. Okay, so make it a percent of net worth. No, the first principle of portfolio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1430.8s	1430.8	 construction is you need to be concentrated in the things you know, and you need to stay away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1435.0s	1435.0	 from the things you don't. If you cap the upside on the amount you can invest, what are people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1439.1s	1439.1	 supposed to do? Peanut butter around 50 bets. And do you know what will happen, Jason? Most of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1443.7s	1443.7	 will be losers because the mortality rate in startups is super high, and they'll end up with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1447.8s	1447.8	 basically nothing. How do they do in Vegas? How do they do betting sports?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1451.0s	1451.0	 We're not talking about how to invest. I mean, I think what we're saying is that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1455.7s	1455.7	 I mean, this is where I actually agree, is that the regulators should carve out enough room so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1460.4s	1460.4	 that innovation can continue around this concept of DOWs because who knows what they could become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1464.8s	1464.8	 one day, and we shouldn't kill this thing in the cradle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1468.7s	1468.7	 We haven't killed anything because nothing exists and there are no rules about DOWs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1472.4s	1472.4	 The regulators haven't said anything. I think we all agree that crowdfunding rules should get much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1476.2s	1476.2	 more expansive. That makes sense. And with that, private companies should disclose more. That makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1483.0s	1483.0	 sense, right? We all agree with that so that you can have more disclosure and public available data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1488.2s	1488.2	 So, Jason, to your point, communities can get into a discord. Like today, if you said, hey, guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1492.4s	1492.4	 let's go and analyze a late stage investment in Stripe. What do you do? Blather on about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1498.1s	1498.1	 and just talk at each other. There are no disclosures. So now, are you supposed to enter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1506.1s	1506.1	 Carta or some other third party platform and buy it at 120 billion? How do you underwrite that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1511.3s	1511.3	 Very simple. Very simple. In the startup DOW concept we're talking about here, you would do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1516.3s	1516.3	 exactly what angel investors do, which is say, hey, okay, we had, let's say this constitution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1520.7s	1520.7	 DOW was to invest in startups, okay, 20,000 people put 200 in each, we have a $40 million pool,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1525.8s	1525.8	 okay, we're all going to submit ideas. And then we're going to ask and invite those founders to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1531.0s	1531.0	 come pitch the DOW on a zoom, and we'll all vote on which ones we like best. And instead of, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1536.4s	1536.4	 know, a venture capital firm getting access to this, now those 20,000 people could say, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1541.6s	1541.6	 what, we're going to make 20 half million dollar bets, and then we're going to pour the 30 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1546.6s	1546.6	 into the winners of that. And that is just what I do for a living or any other angel investor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1550.7s	1550.7	 early stage investor does you invite founders come and pitch you and you place an intelligent bet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1554.6s	1554.6	 just like people bet on the Knicks or sadly on the Jets and lose their money all the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1558.7s	1558.7	 And I like David's idea of saying, hey, maybe for the next two years, we'll have a DOW exception
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1564.3s	1564.3	 where you can raise, you know, from 1000 up to 5000 people up to $10 million. And you just have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1571.5s	1571.5	 to file that you're not a felon. And we have some basic framework to experiment with this because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1576.6s	1576.6	 you could buy, you know, a building that was going to be torn down, like some movie theater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1581.4s	1581.4	 for a community. You could do nonprofit stuff, there's all kinds of beautiful things you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1586.3s	1586.3	 do with this instant capital formation and government structure that is programmable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1590.5s	1590.5	 Okay, well, here's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1591.4s	1591.4	 relate to capital formation in the startup ecosystem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1593.8s	1593.8	 Here's what I'll say. You made a great point about Uber and Lyft pushing the boundaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1598.3s	1598.3	 and forcing the regulators to react. Yes, you know why that happened. It's because Uber and Lyft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1604.0s	1604.0	 worked. Yes, and it was successful. And value was not successful. And so maybe if it is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1612.6s	1612.6	 there's an on ramp, but I would say that the energy is better served in not focusing on a PR lark.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1619.7s	1619.7	 And probably just focusing on trying to improve the crowdfunding laws writ large,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1623.9s	1623.9	 which are already on the books and can be iterated upon versus an entire new body of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1628.5s	1628.5	 regulation where nobody even has any idea what a starting point should be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1633.0s	1633.0	 I think it's very, I think it's very hard to get get those crowdfunding laws expanded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1636.8s	1636.8	 with the under the current regime. It's sort of a minor miracle that they even got what they got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1641.0s	1641.0	 several years ago, right? Wasn't that what happened under Obama when 2008? Yes, the jobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1647.0s	1647.0	 experience in 2008. When the market crash, we said nobody's starting companies were screwed here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1651.5s	1651.5	 we need to get the economy going again. So we're just going to allow more capital formation. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1658.4s	1658.4	 so the 99 rule for LLCs went to 250. And they just kind of loosen things a little bit. And now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1664.5s	1664.5	 they're the mandate is the SEC has to have a certification test for people to do private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1669.8s	1669.8	 market investing. And also people who work at VC firms, right, we have people who work for us who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1673.7s	1673.7	 are not accredited, they don't get to participate, but they get an exception if they work at a venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1678.2s	1678.2	 firm, etc. So it's probably simultaneously true that this thing was massively overhyped, while
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1685.5s	1685.5	 also being the case that it's a worthwhile experiment that may lead to, you know, useful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1691.9s	1691.9	 innovation in the future. What I always look at when I see new technologies doing something is I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1696.2s	1696.2	 just imagine if a 10x and what that would look like, and if it worked, and then I just 10x it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1701.4s	1701.4	 one more time. So what we're going to see, I predict is this $40 million dollar Dow will turn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1705.2s	1705.2	 into a 400 million one in the next two years, and then a 4 billion one in the next 10. And people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1709.7s	1709.7	 are going to do something extraordinary. They're going to do something so otherworldly changing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1715.0s	1715.0	 What if a million people or 10 million people around the globe decided they were going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1719.4s	1719.4	 put money into do a solar farm, or something that would help society
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1723.1s	1723.1	 can already do that, Jay Cal. I mean, that's like, like a manager friction, someone's got to manage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1728.7s	1728.7	 it. Jay, how's fantasizing about how big is syndicates gonna be? Yeah, my syndicate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1733.4s	1733.4	 what's going on? My syndicate is too large right now. I can't accommodate everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1738.5s	1738.5	 And it's also because you get bigger, right? Well, no, the problem is you can only have 250
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1742.7s	1742.7	 people in it. That's the problem. We've got to get out of that. Yeah, come on. Yeah, we beat it to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1746.6s	1746.6	 death. Anyway, I'm obsessed with fentanyl that's in the US or reaching a crisis point up. Is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1752.6s	1752.6	 really what we're talking about? I mean, we talked about it in the chat. Are you really trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1757.1s	1757.1	 like avoid the biggest news today of the biggest trial? I get it. We're gonna that's just a weird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1763.5s	1763.5	 straight down through the docket. But if you want to jump the fence, okay. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1767.3s	1767.3	 I'm not trying to but not guilty of all charges like it happened within half an hour of us beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1772.7s	1772.7	 to record this podcast. I don't know how to keep the Friedberg ratio up. We had a nice strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1777.1s	1777.1	 emotional moment from Friedberg. He obviously is gonna have something to say about fentanyl and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1780.6s	1780.6	 science. But okay, he's gonna walk off the show now to talk when you start talking about I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1784.3s	1784.3	 gonna walk up the show did last week. You walked off, you walked off and when you got a beverage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1788.3s	1788.3	 you left for like, I had to go I had to go pee. All right, fine. I mean, come on to be during
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1792.8s	1792.8	 politics. Kyle Rittenhouse, usually when I take my break, yeah, exactly. Okay, a third of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1797.8s	1797.8	 audience. Kyle Rittenhouse found not guilty of all charges as well person jury in the Kyle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1802.9s	1802.9	 Rittenhouse trial reached the decision. After over 26 hours of deliberation. He shot three people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1810.9s	1810.9	 he killed two of them, and he was found not guilty. He was 17 at the time of the shooting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1815.8s	1815.8	 was charged with killing the two men and a third during the protests in Kenosha, Wisconsin in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1821.7s	1821.7	 August of 2020. This was during the protests over the police shooting of Jacob Blake, he claims he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1828.3s	1828.3	 traveled from Illinois with an AR 15 style rifle to help protect businesses and provide first aid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1834.9s	1834.9	 He didn't he did not cross straight line. He did not cross straight lines with the rifle. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1839.6s	1839.6	 one of the many inaccuracies have been reported by the media over and over again, because his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1845.0s	1845.0	 dad lived there, I guess he was in his dad lived in Kenosha. I think he went to school in Kenosha.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1849.0s	1849.0	 He worked in Kenosha. You got to understand like this is there are a few minutes apart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1853.0s	1853.0	 were from his mother's house and they got and he never he never carried the gun across state lines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1858.2s	1858.2	 The gun was bought from by a friend who was 18 who could possess it and it was kept at his house,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1863.2s	1863.2	 which is in Kenosha. Got it. He was apparently in Kenosha earlier that day. And you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1870.1s	1870.1	 cleaning up graffiti at the school and checking out the downtown. And then you know, obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1874.7s	1874.7	 when he went out that night, then he got the gun, but he didn't transport across state lines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1879.7s	1879.7	 So that's, I think one of the multiple inaccuracies. What do you think? What is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1883.2s	1883.2	 your most important insight into this case and what it represents for American society and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1890.1s	1890.1	 the justice system? Well, I think the case has become a little bit of a Rorschach test of how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1896.2s	1896.2	 you see America. I mean, there's clearly a group of people and I'd say the dominant the mainstream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1902.5s	1902.5	 media announced percolated down to celebrities and figures from LeBron James to to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1910.0s	1910.0	 I'm spacing but there's a lot of like celebrities who've come out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1913.5s	1913.5	 putting forward this view that America that this trial somehow is that that Calgary written house
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1919.7s	1919.7	 of white supremacists and that this not guilty verdict is an example of white supremacy in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1924.1s	1924.1	 America. Somehow that became the narrative. And so that I think it's become I think there's like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1931.1s	1931.1	 a couple levels to it. One is the trial itself and what you think about the legal case. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1935.0s	1935.0	 think that is that complicated or interesting you have here that the state was required to prove
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1941.4s	1941.4	 beyond a reasonable doubt that written house did not act reasonably in self defense when three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1949.0s	1949.0	 violent attackers came charging towards him. That was I think a pretty tough case to make.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1953.2s	1953.2	 One of them had a gun poll too. I mean, this was right. And so all of them had long criminal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1957.5s	1957.5	 histories. The first one who attacked him was daring him to would told said that he was going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1963.4s	1963.4	 to kill written house. The second one was bashing him over the head with a skateboard. The third one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1967.8s	1967.8	 was rushing towards him when written house was on the ground, had a gun trained on him, looked like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1972.5s	1972.5	 he was going to bring it to his head kind of execution style. I mean, all these I think cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1976.9s	1976.9	 if you saw the video from I mean, from the first time, it seemed pretty clear that he had a strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1982.4s	1982.4	 claim of self defense. So I don't think the case itself was that legally interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1987.6s	1987.6	 The question is why it got blown up into being this like huge thing. And it's really because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=1992.6s	1992.6	 media wanted this so badly to feed into this narrative of somehow that this is a white
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2000.3s	2000.3	 supremacist violent attacker who was a vigilante who crossed eight lines with this AR-15 to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2007.0s	2007.0	 seek out trouble to confront people at the protest. And that case, that narrative just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2013.3s	2013.3	 completely fell apart at the trial. He didn't cross eight lines in that way. He didn't with the gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2023.4s	2023.4	 When he went to this protest, he went there. It's interesting. I mean, he was a cadet, an EMT cadet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2031.2s	2031.2	 He was kind of in this like junior firefighter program. I'm not saying that he showed good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2035.1s	2035.1	 judgment. I think it was poor judgment for him to try and insert himself into that situation. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2040.2s	2040.2	 I don't think he went there to kill anyone or to get into a confrontation. He brought a first aid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2044.7s	2044.7	 kit for, you know, for better or worse, he thought he was going to help people. And so any event that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2051.8s	2051.8	 the story really is about the media constructing this narrative that fell apart so quickly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2059.0s	2059.0	 as soon as all the facts came out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2060.5s	2060.5	 Freeberg, Jamal?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2061.4s	2061.4	 Yeah, I think the I read that there was an analysis of the media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2067.8s	2067.8	 and how they tried to portray this. And that I think I'll build on what David said, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2072.8s	2072.8	 was really concerning, like the there was, they really wanted this to be a white kid who killed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2079.0s	2079.0	 black people during a BLM protest, which was, as it turned out, the furthest from the truth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2085.7s	2085.7	 I'll just tell you my experience when I first saw it. That's what I thought I had seen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2090.4s	2090.4	 I had read. And I'll be really honest with you. Initially, I was incredibly biased and my I had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2097.2s	2097.2	 violent reaction inside me of anger towards this kid. Because my thought was my God, this white kid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2103.4s	2103.4	 showed up at a Black Lives Matter rally and killed, you know, three of my brothers, you know, like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2110.5s	2110.5	 literally, that's how I'm feeling. I was so angry because they didn't really give the facts. There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2117.3s	2117.3	 was an example where in Germany, it got so out of hand that the articles were written that Kyle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2122.6s	2122.6	 Rittenhouse had actually killed three black men or two black men. And I think that that's very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2128.2s	2128.2	 dangerous because we need to have the truth and the facts so we can really figure out what's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2132.8s	2132.8	 on so that we can address what's broken. We can hold people accountable, and then we can move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2141.0s	2141.0	 forward together and heal it. But this like is the opposite of healing. It just froths people up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2147.0s	2147.0	 to make a lot of judgments with misinformation. And I think that that's very unfair. I didn't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2153.0s	2153.0	 to be honest with you, after I saw the facts, I stopped paying attention to this case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2158.2s	2158.2	 because I literally exhaled. I would have been much more hurt. And I would have probably paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2164.2s	2164.2	 more attention. If this wasn't white on white violence, quite honestly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2169.7s	2169.7	 Right, right. And I think people, I think we've heard from a lot of people over,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2175.5s	2175.5	 when Rittenhouse's testimony kind of went viral and started getting reported on, there were a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2179.9s	2179.9	 lot of people out there who were surprised to learn that all the victims were white. That this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2185.4s	2185.4	 was an example of white on white violence, because it had been portrayed by the media as some sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2190.2s	2190.2	 racial episode. And it wasn't. And it shows how the media is fueling this polarization and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2197.7s	2197.7	 rage in our society by concocting these narratives, which aren't true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2201.2s	2201.2	 Michael S. It's really that that I think is the dangerous thing. I didn't follow the case to know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2205.7s	2205.7	 whether this kid was right or wrong. But I do think if the media uses these opportunities to not just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2212.4s	2212.4	 tell the facts, and then race baits people on both the left and the right and gets them frothed up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2218.9s	2218.9	 they're doing a real disservice to America, because I think it takes good people. And it puts them in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2223.9s	2223.9	 a state like me for a while at the beginning where I was really angry, and I didn't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2229.7s	2229.7	 how I felt. And that's and I'm a lucid person, you know, 99.999% of the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2236.4s	2236.4	 And so it just goes to show you how dangerous this stuff is when they can take a narrative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2241.5s	2241.5	 and run with it, and then there's no accountability for it. And we really have to stop and check
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2246.7s	2246.7	 ourselves. It just speaks to this ongoing fact pattern where the media is at a point where they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2252.3s	2252.3	 are at a very much a low point in their trustworthiness, their ability to fact check
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2258.5s	2258.5	 their ability to stick to the truth. I think it's been undone. Just this past week, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2265.0s	2265.0	 I think Elon even tweeted out like, you know, he in exasperation, he said, Where can I find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2271.4s	2271.4	 like thoughtful news, right? He was asking Twitter like what websites and, and the question wasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2278.7s	2278.7	 that bad. But if you read the answers, it was really sad. Nobody had a good answer. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2284.7s	2284.7	 one person was like, Oh, there's a browser extension that will show you how, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2290.2s	2290.2	 how much lying is happening inside the article. And I thought to myself, my God, like there are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2294.9s	2294.9	 browser extensions, like a lie ometer, you know, like this is insanity that that in 2021, that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2301.2s	2301.2	 what we are faced with, which is very smart people, all of us, everybody listening, normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2308.2s	2308.2	 people, just, you know, out on the street, we can all come to the right conclusion when given the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2312.5s	2312.5	 facts, and we're not given the facts anymore. Jake, how do you think we're missing something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2317.0s	2317.0	 here? Because you, you, I know, you, you thought this this whole written house thing was crazy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2323.8s	2323.8	 right? Which it was, but we're missing some interview. I think, first off, violent protests,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2333.8s	2333.8	 and violence is immoral. And all of these protests, whether it's BLM on the left, on the right, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2339.4s	2339.4	 should all be nonviolent. There's a reason why Martin Luther King and Gandhi, you know, said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2343.7s	2343.7	 that's the rules. If you want to come to the protest, you have to be nonviolent. And then I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2347.2s	2347.2	 think the rhetoric that was created during the Trump era, and that he exacerbated and that he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2351.8s	2351.8	 caused from a lot of his policies and the way he spoke as the leader of the free world in our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2357.0s	2357.0	 country, then polarize things, I blame him for a lot of that. And if you put a bunch of people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2363.0s	2363.0	 are on the far extremes into a situation like this, and then you insert guns, and you insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2368.3s	2368.3	 young people who have not developed their frontal lobes, who do not have long term thinking, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2372.7s	2372.7	 is 17 year old does not your long term free bird will back me up on this in terms of science,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2377.6s	2377.6	 long term thinking is something that develops in humans into their early 20s. And so young people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2383.4s	2383.4	 with guns in a violent situation with Trump on TV during this time, both good people on both sides,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2389.7s	2389.7	 whatever, you know, the borders, all that stuff that he was stirring the pot on all of that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2394.8s	2394.8	 eventually resolves to somebody's gonna get killed, whether it's on January six, or it's a BLM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2400.1s	2400.1	 protest. And that is why he had such a failure of leadership while he was so disgusting and horrible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2405.2s	2405.2	 and loathsome, because he was taking all of this heat and rhetoric up up up. And the person who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2410.2s	2410.2	 winds up suffering in this are these stupid kids, and they're really dumb parents and mother who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2416.2s	2416.2	 allow them to go to a protest and she could have stopped him with a gun, somebody needs to stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2420.9s	2420.9	 these kids from going to a protest with a gun. And I think there's a very difficult question here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2425.6s	2425.6	 that can be asked. And it probably is true, I think that it was an open and shut case, David,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2430.2s	2430.2	 that, I mean, I saw the video as well, Chamath, the guy puts a gun on him, what are you going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2435.0s	2435.0	 do? You've got a gun, this guy's pointing a gun at you, whoever fires first survives, it is self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2438.7s	2438.7	 defense. And that's kind of undeniable, I think. But if I would hope that the number of people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2446.6s	2446.6	 really focus on this case, look at the innumerable number of cases of black and brown people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2451.9s	2451.9	 have been killed, the Ahmad Arbery trial is going on right now. Yes, I'm sorry, but I've seen one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2456.1s	2456.1	 article in Ahmad Arbery for every 50 about Kyle Rittenhouse. Yeah, I just really hope Ahmad Arbery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2461.0s	2461.0	 gets his fair trial. And let me say again, Brianna Taylor, not a single thing has still been done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2467.3s	2467.3	 Okay, so I'm not that sympathetic to all of this talk right now. Because there are a lot of black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2474.6s	2474.6	 and brown men and women who have been killed in this country. Yes, where none of you guys care as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2479.8s	2479.8	 much. Oh, I care. And that was exactly where I was about to get to the question I was about to ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2483.4s	2483.4	 you, Chamath, is if Kyle Rittenhouse had been a black man, and he had shot those three people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2489.8s	2489.8	 what would the outcome of this trial have been? Would it have been the same justice system?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2493.3s	2493.3	 And I don't think that anybody can answer that question and say it would have been fair justice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2497.2s	2497.2	 I don't think it would have been I think the chance would be very low.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2499.4s	2499.4	 It makes me in this situation would have been just just you saying it makes me want to cry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2503.9s	2503.9	 Okay, it would not. I didn't say for that reason. But I it is the truth. And I think that's what you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2509.8s	2509.8	 know, we in this country, race is something that is our biggest weak point. And we need to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2515.4s	2515.4	 Well, I mean, leadership to work on a hypothetical injustice. We don't know because that's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2520.4s	2520.4	 hypothetical that we can't know the answer to right now. And you're ignoring the justice,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2524.2s	2524.2	 the injustice that's right in front of your face, which is that this was a political prosecution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2527.9s	2527.9	 from the beginning, fueled by a media narrative that was completely bogus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2531.9s	2531.9	 This is why I think David is right. And we have to go to this root cause issue that we can all fix.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2536.5s	2536.5	 Yeah, you know, we can't we shouldn't debate these hypotheticals because they're hurtful,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2540.3s	2540.3	 like even now like you've seen me, I'm emotional, I can't think straight. So let's get the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2544.0s	2544.0	 hypothetical off the table. Because David, you're right, it's a hypothetical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2546.5s	2546.5	 I mean, this case probably should never this case had never been brought. I mean, as soon as you see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2550.2s	2550.2	 the video, if you look up the definition of self defense, okay, you just have to have a reasonable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2555.9s	2555.9	 belief that your life is in danger. And then you're allowed to use force. And you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2561.7s	2561.7	 Rittenhouse was running away. These guys were attacking him, they were chasing after him,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2566.3s	2566.3	 they had a gun trained on him, they were bashing him on the head with a skateboard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2569.5s	2569.5	 I don't know how any prosecutor looks at this and says, we need to prosecute this. So the case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2573.4s	2573.4	 should never have been brought. And then the media fuels this thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2576.4s	2576.4	 No, but this is what I'm saying. That's the thing that we can all change, which is our reaction to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2580.8s	2580.8	 that media portrayal, the media can be held accountable for how they lie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2584.6s	2584.6	 But how?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2586.0s	2586.0	 Well, people are don't trust them. And they're tuning them out. And they're going and finding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2589.4s	2589.4	 their own answers. I mean, this has been my point, like, I think we all get tuned up to what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2593.8s	2593.8	 media quote unquote is, and isn't saying. I think that's like the ester years news. I mean, those,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2600.5s	2600.5	 those guys have lost credibility, you can see it in all the peer research and all the gallop research,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2606.0s	2606.0	 that what used to be called, and it's still by a lot of people called the mainstream media,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2610.8s	2610.8	 is no longer mainstream. And it's become kind of outskirt and where people are finding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2615.3s	2615.3	 their their sources of information is direct from the source from people that they know to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2620.9s	2620.9	 reliable, trustworthy, speakers of the truth and speakers of facts. And they're getting them direct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2625.7s	2625.7	 through social media platforms and other systems of self publication. And that the idea of having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2630.9s	2630.9	 centralized media systems that get to have their own editorial and narrative over whatever facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2636.3s	2636.3	 quote, they may be kind of gathering and presenting to us. That's an old school way of doing things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2640.6s	2640.6	 And I don't think we have to worry about it too much anymore. Whether or not individuals will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2644.5s	2644.5	 resolve to truth seeking or emotion seeking is the big question for the 21st century.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2650.0s	2650.0	 Because as we've seen the media that the things that we do click on are the things that we already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2654.3s	2654.3	 believe in that confirm our bias and that create an emotional incentive versus the things that may be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2659.7s	2659.7	 not what we believe and not what we want to hear, but may actually be factual. And that's the big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2664.8s	2664.8	 kind of challenging question here. I think it's less about these evil media people. And it's more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2668.6s	2668.6	 about where individuals going to make choices. Yeah, I mean, I'd say alternative media voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2674.1s	2674.1	 have never been more important. And you know, you can get a lot of them on sub stack people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2678.0s	2678.0	 like Glenn Greenwald, Matt, Antonio, Garcia, Martinez, Colin, Colin, and Barry Weiss. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2687.5s	2687.5	 they all have our podcast, our podcast, all that very good coverage of this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2691.7s	2691.7	 By the way, I couldn't help notice that the same week that this written house narrative collapsed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2696.8s	2696.8	 the whole steel dossier narrative collapse, you had, and I don't want to get too political and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2701.3s	2701.3	 drag it back to the Trump thing, but you had, you know, John Durham is a special prosecutor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2705.3s	2705.3	 unraveling this whole phony fake steel dossier with multiple indictments. And you now have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2711.5s	2711.5	 retractions by The Washington Post and other major publications. And that whole narrative that fueled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2717.1s	2717.1	 like an entire year of media coverage is completely collapsing. And it's just another example of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2723.8s	2723.8	 you know, the media running with these narratives that turn out to be completely,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2728.0s	2728.0	 I hate to use the word fake, but I mean, it is, I mean, it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2731.1s	2731.1	 Things in the dossier were fake, but Paul Manafort's conviction was wrong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2734.6s	2734.6	 I would encourage everyone to stop using the term the media or even the term mainstream media and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2738.6s	2738.6	 just recognize that there are specific outlets that are on their way down. Content companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2743.0s	2743.0	 Yeah, these are content companies that need ratings. They used to be the monopoly and they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2747.3s	2747.3	 no longer. And you know, they're like yesteryear's news. And it's just, you know, it's like complaining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2752.3s	2752.3	 about, you know, whatever, pick any industry that's been disrupted, but they are and will be further
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2757.3s	2757.3	 disrupted by kind of direct to source fat gathering. The big ultimate question is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2761.8s	2761.8	 are consumers going to choose? And that's the thing that scares me the most, to be honest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2766.0s	2766.0	 I think that you can go either way. You can either find better truth seeking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2769.8s	2769.8	 or you can find better emotion, more emotion seeking. And that that's going to cause more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2773.7s	2773.7	 polarization and more ugly shit. Well, look, it's happening right now. You're right that the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2778.3s	2778.3	 let's call it the corporate media, the big media corporations, their prestige and esteem and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2783.7s	2783.7	 eyes of American people have known their credibility has never been lower as gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2787.4s	2787.4	 New York Times and CNN. Absolutely. I mean, just gone and people should be questioning them and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2791.7s	2791.7	 stop listening to them. And you have to diversify your information diet and you got to be subscribed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2796.4s	2796.4	 to some alternative journalists on places like sub stack. But here's the thing that concerns me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2801.7s	2801.7	 You know, you've got the media narrative being dictated by MSNBC and then it trickles down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2807.1s	2807.1	 to LeBron James and Chelsea Handler. Sorry, that was the name that I forgot earlier,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2811.2s	2811.2	 they were perpetuating this white supremacist narrative around Kyle Rittenhouse. By the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2815.7s	2815.7	 they looked at his phone, his text messages, everything. There is no connection. There's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2819.4s	2819.4	 no proof whatsoever of a connection between him and white supremacy was completely made up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2824.3s	2824.3	 by the media. And yet these major figures in our culture who have this outsized impact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2829.1s	2829.1	 were tweeting about this. And so the problem is, you know, like people like us diversify our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2834.4s	2834.4	 information diet, but there are large parts of the country that are just receiving this information
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2839.3s	2839.3	 and it gets basically passed down from the media to Hollywood to the culture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2843.4s	2843.4	 Yeah. And it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2844.3s	2844.3	 having to talk to Carlson to Scott Bayo to the pillow guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2849.4s	2849.4	 It is fueling tremendous divisiveness and polarization in our culture. And I would say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2853.7s	2853.7	 that, you know, Jason brought up Trump and he was a polarizing figure, but I don't think he's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2858.6s	2858.6	 root cause of this polarization. I think he is a reaction to it. I think he is a manifestation of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2863.8s	2863.8	 it. He's a manifestation of it. And ultimately the root cause is the complete deterioration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2869.1s	2869.1	 and collapse of journalistic standards in the media, in the major mainstream corporate media.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2874.7s	2874.7	 I'll disagree with you on that. And I've made this point in the past, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2879.5s	2879.5	 Sachs, I don't know if it, you make it sound and other people make it sound like in a directed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2884.1s	2884.1	 editorial initiative to take things in a direction. And I think that the reaction process is really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2890.5s	2890.5	 about what do consumers want to consume? What they choose to consume is what they sell more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2895.4s	2895.4	 of and what they produce more of. And that's the cycle that's driving this. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2899.4s	2899.4	 that doesn't mean that these folks are not complicit or not making good kind of ethical decisions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2903.8s	2903.8	 That could actually be argued either way. But at the end of the day, they're businesses that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2907.8s	2907.8	 are selling content. And if consumers want content of one form, they're going to choose that form.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2911.7s	2911.7	 Okay, look, I think you have a point that once a publication goes in a certain direction,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2916.2s	2916.2	 starts getting subscribers, there's some positive reinforcement there that has them keep pushing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2920.0s	2920.0	 in that direction. That being said, I don't think this is commercial in nature, primarily,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2924.8s	2924.8	 I think what's going on is fundamentally ideological. You saw, for example, the New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2929.4s	2929.4	 York Times, they ran out Barry Weiss. I've seen it. No, no, you're wrong on this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2933.3s	2933.3	 There have been purges. They did this because they wanted subscriptions. No, no, you're wrong, Sachs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2937.4s	2937.4	 When the New York Times did this, they realized Fox picked a side, MSNBC picks a side, and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2942.3s	2942.3	 benefited from that by picking a side in the Trump era. So the New York Times picked a side,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2946.1s	2946.1	 they went MSNBC side, and they got rid of the right because the right people drove away the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2951.8s	2951.8	 anti Trump subscription. So I think Freeberg's right on this one, I will say another thing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2956.6s	2956.6	 build on what you were saying before, Sachs about the media's responsibility here. We also have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2961.0s	2961.0	 think about the the cable news media's responsibility when they put these protests on wall to wall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2969.0s	2969.0	 and they send people there. That then inspires people to go there. And you know, when you do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2973.7s	2973.7	 this wall to wall coverage across five networks, and you obsess over something, people are going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2978.6s	2978.6	 to obsess over it. And they see people out there writing, and people model other people's behavior.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2983.4s	2983.4	 And I think they need to think like, how much coverage do we exactly have to give?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2988.6s	2988.6	 Right? Even now, even now, they're bringing out the National Guard in anticipation of possibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2993.5s	2993.5	 riots and protests in which they could induce it. Well, in reaction, no, I don't know if it's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=2998.2s	2998.2	 to induce it. But in reaction to this verdict in the written house trial, they're bringing out the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3002.3s	3002.3	 troops to basically quell any, you know, riot before it gets started. But why would that riot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3008.2s	3008.2	 even happen? Because the people have been fed this narrative that is completely bogus. And in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3013.7s	3013.7	 sense, the media has been incredibly irresponsible. And they're playing with fire. They really are. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3019.0s	3019.0	 will say it again, and we've fallen into this same trap. Look how much time we've just been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3022.7s	3022.7	 talking about, Kyle, written house, I mentioned the mod Arbery. And we've just glossed over it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3027.7s	3027.7	 Is his trial being it's happening right? No, no, is it on video? Because that is another major
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3033.5s	3033.5	 issue here is when the trials are on video, they should never do TV again on these trials does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3038.2s	3038.2	 never again. I mean, it really does court room, but do not put it on TV. Like there are notes is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3043.8s	3043.8	 not allowing video in the courtroom. And it's not getting covered to this extent. And I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3048.8s	3048.8	 video in the courtroom does drive this makes it a circus. Breaking news. Citadel CEO Ken Griffin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3056.1s	3056.1	 outbid a group of crypto investors for a copy of the US Constitution, according to the Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3060.0s	3060.0	 Street Journal. So we knew that he was trolling before this. But now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3066.5s	3066.5	 exactly. He was the central villain, basically, in that whole Robin Hood fiasco for payment for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3071.7s	3071.7	 order flow. And now we outbid the crypto crowd, he is gonna be enemy number one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3076.0s	3076.0	 basically, there is no more sophisticated market participant than Ken Griffin. And on a silver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3081.7s	3081.7	 platter, this group of people, unfortunately, showed them their strategy and showed them exactly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3087.4s	3087.4	 how to become the prices right. He put $1 on top of their bed. What Ken Griffin knows,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3093.0s	3093.0	 Ken Griffin knows that now this is an object of interest that people are basically willing to pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3096.9s	3096.9	 anything for bingo is going to buy it now. And in one year, he'll sell it for twice as much. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3101.1s	3101.1	 a valuable asset. But by the way, I want to make a point on this. I disagree, by the way, he's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3106.2s	3106.2	 he's a buyer. He is not a seller. He's gonna hold. Okay. But look, markets don't work with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3111.3s	3111.3	 this much transparency. Markets only work when people have different information than other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3116.0s	3116.0	 people that are participating in the market. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3119.6s	3119.6	 everyone. Everyone else was gonna do same data. But if everyone you would everyone else's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3124.3s	3124.3	 different opinions, but if everyone knew everyone else's opinion on what something is worth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3127.9s	3127.9	 the market doesn't work. And that's the problem. Yeah. So here's what I value an asset at. And now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3133.4s	3133.4	 if you know that you know how to play against me in the market. And I said, yeah, exactly. And one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3138.8s	3138.8	 thing one thing I'll take note of that I that I kind of realized yesterday when I was thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3143.1s	3143.1	 about this, which is this like transparency in markets leads to this inflationary problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3148.6s	3148.6	 Why do you think everything that the government buys inflates? Because everyone already knows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3153.9s	3153.9	 what the government is going to spend on that thing. When the government enters into a market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3158.2s	3158.2	 like health care or education or defense, the amount that they're going to spend is published
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3163.9s	3163.9	 in a bill. And Congress says, here's your authorized budget. Here's how much you're going to spend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3168.2s	3168.2	 So there is no natural market force that says a bid and an ask, what are you willing to pay? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3172.9s	3172.9	 is there a walk away price? There is no walk away price when the government is is told to go spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3178.1s	3178.1	 some amount of money. And as a result, the price of everything inflates to that walk away to that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3183.3s	3183.3	 price to that budget. Can I build on that? It's and that's by the way, that's that's in my opinion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3187.8s	3187.8	 based on everything I've looked at the primary reason for the increase in education costs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3192.1s	3192.1	 because the government funds all the student loans, the increase in health care, the increase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3196.6s	3196.6	 in defense, all of it is because the government is the customer and they tell the person that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3201.4s	3201.4	 servicing them upfront, they tell the market what they're willing to pay. And so the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3205.3s	3205.3	 just inflates to that amount. And it's, it's really the reason why the way that we budget things and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3210.6s	3210.6	 the government as opposed to saying, look, this is the ROI metric, or this is the IRR metric,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3215.4s	3215.4	 you need to be shooting for with this government spending. It's all based on a fixed dollar amount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3219.5s	3219.5	 of a budget that says here's how much you should go spend. So it's as I said, it's actually worse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3224.1s	3224.1	 than that, because then the procurement process is not is the furthest thing from a free market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3229.1s	3229.1	 where you essentially have these licensed people that are allowed to provide services. And so if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3233.4s	3233.4	 you actually have the key critical input to making something possible, you have to get bundled in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3238.7s	3238.7	 through contractors and subcontractors and general contractors, who each take their five and 10%. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3244.6s	3244.6	 then that's what you would that's when you have like, you know, and their hourly costs all balloon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3249.2s	3249.2	 just a little bit, just a little bit, just a little bit, and suddenly the balloon cost of everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3252.5s	3252.5	 matches exactly the budget. So the perfect example of this is the space program. There was a there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3257.2s	3257.2	 was a there was a rant by Bernie Sanders yesterday, basically saying, how could we have allowed Jeff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3263.4s	3263.4	 Bezos, Mr. Bezos and Mr. Musk, to basically take over our national space program, we need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3269.8s	3269.8	 space program, we need to take it back. And then somebody, hold on. And then somebody, and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3275.9s	3275.9	 somebody thought, somebody thoughtfully went back and actually looked because again, as David said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3282.2s	3282.2	 everything is transparently published. They went back and they actually counted how much money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3288.2s	3288.2	 NASA spent in like the last seven or eight years and the number was 360 odd billion dollars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3295.4s	3295.4	 And then they counted how much money SpaceX had spent. And it was, you know, if you counted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3300.9s	3300.9	 revenue between seven and 11 billion. Totally, totally. So you have this incredible disparity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3307.0s	3307.0	 which speaks to this. After the space shuttle, after the space shuttle was retired, NASA didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3311.8s	3311.8	 have a way to get to space until SpaceX had the rockets. I mean, and think about how many people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3317.0s	3317.0	 died on the space. What Bernie is saying, which is what's I think scary to me is if you take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3321.2s	3321.2	 difference between 360 billion and seven, so 300 and, you know, $53 billion, and divided by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3328.2s	3328.2	 number of people in the United States, you're basically talking about 1000 person $1000 a person,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3335.0s	3335.0	 would you and I sit around a table and give Bernie Sanders $1,000 out of our own pocket,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3341.1s	3341.1	 to go and basically implement of a half ass space program? No, I'd rather give Elon Musk 10 cents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3349.0s	3349.0	 which one cent, which is the equivalent alternative or this raises a really serious issue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3354.1s	3354.1	 which is who is the better capital allocator of private society, private markets, or the government.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3359.6s	3359.6	 And let me give you an example. So today, the house is voting out that reconciliation bill,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3364.4s	3364.4	 they've got it, they're spending 2.1 trillion. This is one example, does one example that caught
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3369.5s	3369.5	 my eye is they've got $2.5 billion going to tree equity, whatever that is. I'm sorry, tree,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3377.6s	3377.6	 tree equity, tree equity. This is like tree equity. I think it might mean that like some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3382.6s	3382.6	 communities have more trees. I think it means that some some communities have more trees than others,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3386.9s	3386.9	 they got to rectify that. I don't know. I mean, this is like the jump the shark moment for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3390.6s	3390.6	 word equity, because I think now everything is equity. But, but you know, what struck me about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3395.8s	3395.8	 this $2.5 billion number, okay, is that like craft ventures, which I've been doing for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3401.0s	3401.0	 last four years, we've raised and we'll be deploying a total of about 2 billion, over call it five years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3407.6s	3407.6	 into hundreds of startups that, you know, will pave the way for the next generation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3411.4s	3411.4	 of the economy. So 2 billion versus 2.5 billion as one line item. That's just a footnote. That's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3417.8s	3417.8	 asterisk in this bill. I mean, what is the better capital allocation decision? And what people have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3422.3s	3422.3	 to understand is, you know, all this money that gets spent gets sucked out of the private economy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3429.4s	3429.4	 somehow, it either, you know, comes from taxes, or gets added to the national debt. But either way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3435.9s	3435.9	 it comes out of the private economy and resources that could be allocated to the next generation of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3442.6s	3442.6	 innovative companies. And so squandering the money like that on all these programs that no one even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3448.5s	3448.5	 knows what they do. When we're almost 30 trillion in debt is just unbelievable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3455.3s	3455.3	 Okay, the 1% are going to be going to space and taking away the moon from the other 99%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3462.7s	3462.7	 Here, roll the clip. Unbelievably, this bill would provide and authorize some $10 billion in taxpayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3469.5s	3469.5	 money to Jeff Bezos, the second wealthiest person in America, for his space race with Elon Musk,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3478.9s	3478.9	 the wealthiest person in America. This is beyond laughable. And I will be introducing an amendment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3487.3s	3487.3	 to strike this provision. Frankly, it is not acceptable. It's not an issue that we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3493.6s	3493.6	 discussed terribly much. But it is not acceptable that the two wealthiest people in this country,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3499.6s	3499.6	 Mr. Musk and Mr. Bezos, take control of our space efforts to return to the moon. And maybe even the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3507.5s	3507.5	 extraordinary accomplishment of getting to the moon. This is not something for two billionaires
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3513.5s	3513.5	 to be directing. This is something for the American people to be determining.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3519.3s	3519.3	 Yeah, all the people have to be able to go to the moon before two people can go to the moon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3522.4s	3522.4	 Is that the idea? Yeah, if there was a go to the moon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3525.0s	3525.0	 Dow, it would get more fun. Look at you in the callback, you're learning how to entertain the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3530.9s	3530.9	 audience. Can you imagine people would just plow money into a go to the moon, Dow and give it all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3534.3s	3534.3	 to Elon Musk? More people would do that than would vote to support the Senate bill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3539.0s	3539.0	 Additionally, I would like to report that Starlink does not work at my lake house,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3543.4s	3543.4	 and Amazon Prime takes three to four days at my beach house on the Cape. And that these two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3547.9s	3547.9	 companies are oppressing the 3% of the top 3%, which I am not part of the 1%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3553.7s	3553.7	 And some people don't have enough trees. And in my community, there's only small trees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3561.5s	3561.5	 And we want the redwoods from San Francisco. Why do they or the hippies get the redwoods that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3566.4s	3566.4	 much taller? Do you guys remember one of our very earliest pods, I made a statement, which is equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3573.5s	3573.5	 is this danger word that the progressive left uses to steal power. Yes, that we feel unsafe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3579.4s	3579.4	 we should always want equality, but not equity, because equity is zero sum, right? You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3585.0s	3585.0	 a cap table, when you give somebody else equity, it's dilutive to everybody else. But equality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3590.0s	3590.0	 is infinite. You can have unbounded equality. Yes. And when I hear these guys talk about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3595.0s	3595.0	 stuff, it's so scary. The second thing is, I'm a little confused by what Bernie's saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3599.0s	3599.0	 because on the one hand, he wants to cancel the American government's effective, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3605.0s	3605.0	 support of these programs. On the other hand, he wants us to take back the responsibility for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3612.0s	3612.0	 But I think he must realize that it would cost 50 times more. Or 100 times more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3619.0s	3619.0	 He's not he's not he's not spending sensitive in case you haven't noticed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3623.0s	3623.0	 I also think this is like virtue signaling, like, he was attacking Bezos about like minimum wage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3628.0s	3628.0	 and then Bezos came over the top and like doubled it and then gave people college education. That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3632.3s	3632.3	 was Bernie Sanders platform for president was like give people free college, and give people like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3636.7s	3636.7	 better $15 minimum wage. Bezos has done more for Bernie's platform than anybody. He should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3642.2s	3642.2	 thanking, he should be telling people, all companies should be like Amazon. No, no, no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3647.2s	3647.2	 but also actually, to your point, can I build on that? Amazon is now doing more to actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3652.8s	3652.8	 unwind duopolies and monopolies in markets than the government and the FTC is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3658.6s	3658.6	 see this thing that Amazon is now doing in the UK with visa, where they basically shut visa off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3664.4s	3664.4	 And people are speculating now that it's a step in this direction of Amazon, you know, in Amazon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3669.6s	3669.6	 domestically in the United States, they just did this big deal with a firm. And so they are looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3675.3s	3675.3	 at and there's a rumor that they may switch the Amazon credit card off of visa rails and put them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3680.1s	3680.1	 on MasterCard rails. But there's another example, Jason, to your point of like, you know, Bernie and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3685.4s	3685.4	 the left progressive left would probably rail against the duopoly practices of visa and MasterCard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3691.2s	3691.2	 They can't get anything done. Jeff Bezos has actually done more now presses a button and has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3696.6s	3696.6	 done more now. Here's another one to build on yours. Who's doing I mean, Bernie Sanders cares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3701.3s	3701.3	 about global warming. It's one of his key issues. Who's donated more to global warning than Jeff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3706.2s	3706.2	 Bezos? Nobody nobody who's doing 100,000 electric vehicles for his delivery fleet. Jeff Bezos, Jeff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3712.0s	3712.0	 Bezos took Bernie Sanders platform that he fell to get into office on and he made it Amazon's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3717.8s	3717.8	 platform. Here's a third example, Nick, you tweeted this out, Nick, or you can find this thing that I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3721.8s	3721.8	 tweeted out, but it was a little mean. And it was it was it was basically Toby McGuire and Kristen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3728.6s	3728.6	 Dutz, right? There's a meme upside down quick, quick, no, they're looking at each other. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3733.5s	3733.5	 basically, the joke is like, you know, every time you protested at, you know, to shut down a nuclear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3738.7s	3738.7	 plant, the resulting effect 40 years later was another 100 megatons of co2 was put into the air.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3744.4s	3744.4	 And it just goes to yet again, another example of we virtue signal nuclear reactors and nuclear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3750.6s	3750.6	 power, we go and we get them all shut down, it turned out that we ingested or we we put out as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3756.5s	3756.5	 a result, an enormous amount of more co2 than had to be put. And then and now who's helping to step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3761.7s	3761.7	 in and solve it and other private citizen Bill Gates. Look, if it weren't for these private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3764.8s	3764.8	 companies, we couldn't even get astronauts to space anymore. Impossible. I mean, like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3768.5s	3768.5	 government has actually lost the capacity to do that. Impossible. It would it would have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3772.7s	3772.7	 impossible. And who are we up against for space? I mean, China, China, just China, just China.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3781.4s	3781.4	 It's such a dichotomy between and this is like a recurring theme of the show between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3786.2s	3786.2	 what the private sector and specifically and not like the fortune 500 not those old stodgy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3792.0s	3792.0	 companies are in the process of being disrupted, but what the sort of entrepreneurial economy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3796.7s	3796.7	 able to accomplish versus like how stultified and calcified and incompetent the government's become.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3806.4s	3806.4	 I mean, to your point, freeburg, I think Sam Altman led this the fusion energy startup Helion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3814.4s	3814.4	 like $500 million round. I mean, by the time these nitwits, you know, in these political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3821.1s	3821.1	 office figure these things out, we're gonna have fusion reactors, aren't we?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3825.8s	3825.8	 Is that real science? Is that coming close? What do you think, rebert?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3829.8s	3829.8	 I mean, Bill Gates just did this was called Terra power announcement this week. He's got a company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3836.6s	3836.6	 that he's been funding for years and they're building a 500 megawatt fusion plant in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3845.4s	3845.4	 Wyoming, I think. Yeah, in Wyoming. Yes, in Wyoming. And he got 2 billion from the government and 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3851.4s	3851.4	 billion that was funded by the company and its shareholders, which I think is majority owned by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3855.9s	3855.9	 Bill Gates. But it certainly feels and seems to me, I mean, look, this one, like we've said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3861.8s	3861.8	 a lot of these infrastructure deals, these big infrastructure deals for things like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3865.6s	3865.6	 power and next gen manufacturing and whatnot, you know, could use the benefit could benefit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3871.0s	3871.0	 from the boost of, you know, government subsidies or, you know, government shared costs to get these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3875.4s	3875.4	 things off the ground. Over time, as you get scale and reproducibility of them, the cost per unit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3880.4s	3880.4	 comes way, way, way, way down. And so, you know, it seems to be the case that there are enough of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3885.6s	3885.6	 these programs, I think I know of at least half a dozen nuclear power companies that are, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3891.0s	3891.0	 in advanced stages of doing, you know, first installation design right now. And so it seems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3897.4s	3897.4	 like this is going to be a reality. I think it would be an incredible boom to, to clean energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3902.9s	3902.9	 in the United States and globally, if we can get more of these built. I mean, what was the staff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3906.1s	3906.1	 China's building 150 nuclear power plants, commission 150 nuclear power plants, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3910.6s	3910.6	 it's a no brainer that that's what we need. In the 21st century, it's the best renewable source,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3916.8s	3916.8	 very small footprint, very reliable, can run 24 seven, doesn't depend on some, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3922.6s	3922.6	 sun or wind or what have you, you can plug it into a grid. So the government literally does not need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3927.0s	3927.0	 to get involved in this, aside from writing a check and chopping it up 50 50 split the pot with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3932.2s	3932.2	 Bill Gates, an important role that the government can and should play here, which is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3935.8s	3935.8	 if we want to talk about what infrastructure this country needs, I've said it on the last couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3939.4s	3939.4	 of shows, we don't need yesteryears infrastructure. We don't need last century's infrastructure, new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3943.8s	3943.8	 bridges and, you know, toll bridges or whatever nonsense is, you know, going to get inflated as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3948.9s	3948.9	 a result of this recent infrastructure. But what we need is next gen infrastructure and not charging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3953.4s	3953.4	 stations because the free markets already they're doing that. And you know, not internet because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3957.4s	3957.4	 the free markets already they're giving everyone internet, we see 1000 examples of that. What we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3961.1s	3961.1	 need is the stuff that the free market cannot afford to fund and stand up, like next gen nuclear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3965.7s	3965.7	 power stations like bio manufacturing, like large scale on demand 3d printing systems. These are the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3971.0s	3971.0	 sorts of infrastructure programs that the United States and our workforce could benefit from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3975.8s	3975.8	 government subsidies to help the private force the private markets get stood up. And as these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3980.3s	3980.3	 things get stood up and the flywheel gets going and cash starts getting generated, they can sell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3984.6s	3984.6	 fund and they can grow and they can install more of these and the costs come down for the next one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3988.5s	3988.5	 The things where the government is the only customer, the only person buying the cost will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3992.6s	3992.6	 only go up on over time. Whereas the things that the private market is building, the cost will go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=3996.6s	3996.6	 down over time. And in some of these cases where there's a big kind of hurdle to get over the first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4000.6s	4000.6	 build or the first build cycle, you know, the government has an important role to play, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4006.2s	4006.2	 And so, you know, look, I mean, it's clearly not going to happen with this current infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4010.2s	4010.2	 bill. There's a few nuggets in there that might be useful and helpful. But generally speaking,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4014.6s	4014.6	 you're right. I mean, over time, we want the cost of things to come down, not go up. And so we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4018.9s	4018.9	 the private market to play a critical role in being the majority driver, you know, of these kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4024.3s	4024.3	 systems. All right, seems like a good place to end. Pete Davidson is now dating Kim Kardashian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4031.6s	4031.6	 How jealous are you to mark? I'm not jealous. But a great, great. I am I am shocked that Pete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4038.5s	4038.5	 Davidson has dated some of the most incredibly famous, popular women. So you are jealous. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4045.7s	4045.7	 Well, I'm a little curious. I gotta say I'm a little curious. I mean, if you put a picture of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4049.7s	4049.7	 Pete Day, I mean, there's got to be something happening there. Let's just put it out there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4052.9s	4052.9	 He's got the Kevorka. I'm gonna send you a link to an article. I don't know what an article is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4057.0s	4057.0	 I'm Googling that from Seinfeld where Kramer was like, you know, dating all these beautiful women.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4062.0s	4062.0	 And it's because he explained he had the Kevorka. He's got a better finishing move. Yeah. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4066.2s	4066.2	 an article that went viral this week. Emily Ratajkowski, how do you pronounce her name?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4070.6s	4070.6	 Yeah, breaks down breaks down why women find Pete Davidson so attractive. And so this was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4076.6s	4076.6	 you know, I saw it all over Twitter this week, but it was all about, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4079.7s	4079.7	 And what is the answer? Just give me the headlines. I don't know. It's something he's got.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4085.4s	4085.4	 Super charming. He's vulnerable. He's lovely. His fingernail polish is awesome. He looks good. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4091.4s	4091.4	 has a good relationship with his mom. I mean, I just think he comes across as a good guy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4095.5s	4095.5	 might be the appeal. Also, they want to take care of him, I think, because he's got like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4101.0s	4101.0	 his dad. You guys are missing a more subtle, not obvious. I don't know what you're talking about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4107.7s	4107.7	 Do explain maybe you could expand. I'm just getting a family show. It's a family show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4114.3s	4114.3	 Oh, my God. No, I think I want to take care of him. That's what I heard from a woman said they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4119.6s	4119.6	 want to like rock David and rock. Yeah, I mean, also Kim Kardashian, I think, you know, she just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4126.6s	4126.6	 got the Gen Z. I think she was probably going the way of Paris Hilton, like maybe aging out of her,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4133.8s	4133.8	 you know, celebrity. And now she went Kanye, kind of Gen X, right. And now she's going down to Gen Z.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4140.3s	4140.3	 She's got a whole new, I hate to be cynical about it. But I also, you know, I'm gonna take so much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4147.1s	4147.1	 flack for saying this, but I was a little short Donda. But I've listened to Donda now a couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4153.4s	4153.4	 times. And my God, is it good? It's pretty fucking good. I mean, Kanye West is one of legitimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4160.0s	4160.0	 one of the most incredible artists of all time. I mean, the way his mind grows, the music, the beats,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4166.8s	4166.8	 it's outrageous. I think if you give Donda like two or three shots, it's really registration,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4173.5s	4173.5	 college dropout and 808 and heartbreaks. I amazing, like dark twisted fantasy was probably one of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4179.4s	4179.4	 best albums ever created. Well, see, that's the thing is, I think, with his later work, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4183.4s	4183.4	 I didn't get into my beautiful dark twisted fantasy until I had listened to it 10 times.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4187.0s	4187.0	 And then I was like, Okay, I get amazing. Yeah. And I feel like they're so accessible, like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4190.9s	4190.9	 draw registration. But Donda is pretty incredible. I mean, it's right now David's taxes. What are you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4195.5s	4195.5	 guys talking about? I haven't listened to any of this. David, do you know? He's like, is that like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4200.6s	4200.6	 Paul Anka? Yeah, it's like, yeah. Wow. Sax, do you listen to music? Actually, this is your favorite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4207.4s	4207.4	 artist? What's your favorite band? Like if we found like if we listened to like your like your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4211.3s	4211.3	 workout tracks, so like on your like on on on Barry Manilow, like I Apple, like what are you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4217.4s	4217.4	 listening to? Like Spotify? Like what do you talk to Colson? No music, I don't listen to music when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4222.3s	4222.3	 I work out. The only time I really listen to music is when I'm like in a car on a plane or whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4229.8s	4229.8	 But do you have music for example, like downloaded on your phone? Like if he said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4233.0s	4233.0	 pull out your phone? Yeah, I do. Give a couple names here. Yeah, top three. Yeah. Honestly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4238.4s	4238.4	 it's gonna be recent hits because I just download what my kids tell me to download.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4242.6s	4242.6	 I understand. Just give me a couple albums that you've downloaded. Okay, so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4247.5s	4247.5	 where's recently added? Okay, so it looks to me like I recently added Khalid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4255.0s	4255.0	 Yes. Okay. Well, good. There's a Gaga song, Kid LaRoy and Miley Cyrus. Okay. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4263.7s	4263.7	 Kid LaRoy and Justin Bieber. Great. Doja Cat. My kids love Doja Cat. She's great. She's great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4269.4s	4269.4	 TikTok Queen. Yeah. See, my kids keep me current. You know, you think I'm like, she's great. Here's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4274.0s	4274.0	 what I'm doing for my kids. This is my new parenting strategy. I was let they love listening to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4279.3s	4279.3	 80s playlist on Spotify. But now I was like, what are who are like great seminal artists? So I have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4283.8s	4283.8	 them doing Tom Petty, David Bowie, talking heads and Bob Marley. And I get the whole greatest hits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4289.8s	4289.8	 album. And I explained to them every song and they're like, totally getting into it. So basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4294.2s	4294.2	 actually know what great music is, you're being self indulgent, you're focused on yourself,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4298.2s	4298.2	 and you're trying to make them a loser. No, I'm trying to get them to understand what actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4302.7s	4302.7	 music you want your kids to walk into school. And when somebody else like, Hey, do you like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4306.3s	4306.3	 Doja Cat? They're like, No, but have you listened to Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4309.7s	4309.7	 I've been doing I've been playing my kids my favorite artists and they and he's become their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4313.9s	4313.9	 favorite artist. Apex Twin. You guys don't know who he is. Yeah. Yeah. What about what about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4318.8s	4318.8	 Orbit? I'm called the James album. Richard D. James album is probably one of the best albums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4323.9s	4323.9	 of all time. And I play and my kids go friggin nuts for now and they asked for it nonstop. And I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4328.2s	4328.2	 like, Oh my god, I love you. You're my kids. It's the best. Look at my kids into the my favorite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4334.0s	4334.0	 movies. And that's just too hard because movies were everybody were too slow. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4340.8s	4340.8	 Getting to watch movies is hard. They want to watch. Yeah. Yeah. No, they can't watch movies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4345.6s	4345.6	 They're too slow. They can't watch movies. Watch a Marvel movie. They can't even watch the original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4349.3s	4349.3	 Star Wars or Raiders of the Lost Ark. Totally anything where the scene doesn't cut every one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4353.0s	4353.0	 and a half seconds. They can't watch it's like Raiders of the Lost Ark. You're gonna love this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4356.2s	4356.2	 So like this is so boring. I'm like, Raiders of the Lost Ark. Totally are boring. Crazy terrible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4363.0s	4363.0	 I remember watching like character development. They want to cut the first act. Have you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4367.5s	4367.5	 watched them? Jaws would be like unwatchable. But I remember as a kid watching. She loved it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4373.0s	4373.0	 Did you guys ever watch like AMC and you watch the old school movies of the 30s and 40s?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4377.6s	4377.6	 They are impossible to watch. Like they are so it's like watching a play.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4381.7s	4381.7	 And that was, you know, it's like gotten more and more kind of short form as we've kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4386.3s	4386.3	 aged. But you know, that's like, Oh no, what happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4389.0s	4389.0	 Oh, okay. Sadiq. Aki. Aki.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4392.9s	4392.9	 I'm going to get a biscuit and Aki just came and took it from me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4395.3s	4395.3	 Aki, not a good Aki. You don't take it a biscuit. Aki, you eat it a dog food. You don't eat it a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4400.6s	4400.6	 biscuit. Bad Aki. You know, those biscuits are cashmere. They're really expensive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4405.0s	4405.0	 All right. I'm going to go get my booster shot. I'll see you guys later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4407.6s	4407.6	 All right, everybody. This has been another exciting, amazing episode of the All In Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4413.3s	4413.3	 for the dictator, Shamath Palahapiti and the Sultan of Science, David Freeberg. We'll see you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4423.7s	4423.7	 all next time. Saksi Poo, have a wonderful time with Suarez. He came by last night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4427.7s	4427.7	 Oh yeah. I'm hosting Miami Mayor Francis Suarez tonight. We're doing a cocktail reception fundraiser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4433.6s	4433.6	 for him. And we got huge turnout. I mean, I tweeted this thing and we're going to have,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4439.3s	4439.3	 I think at least 60 people at the reception, at least 20 people for dinner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4444.3s	4444.3	 You're letting randos in your house from Twitter? Oh, they have to pay five dimes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4449.3s	4449.3	 Yeah, they have to pay. But also like we kind of check everybody out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4453.1s	4453.1	 One of your enemies will pay five dimes just to get in your house.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4456.2s	4456.2	 I think basically like Buzzfeed paid to get in there. I'd be careful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4459.5s	4459.5	 We have to know who they are. We vet them. There's a lot of people. I mean, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4463.1s	4463.1	 if we wanted to let everybody in, there are at least a hundred people who replied to my tweet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4468.0s	4468.0	 saying I can't DM you, but I want to go and open your dms for a day. Oh, you can do that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4474.6s	4474.6	 Yeah. Francis came by yesterday with his team. He was in top form. He looks great. He's excited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4480.0s	4480.0	 about the next term. All right. We'll see you all next time. Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4498.3s	4498.3	 Wait, what? What? What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4504.6s	4504.6	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4505.8s	4505.8	 Go 13.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4507.4s	4507.4	 That's my dog taking a shit in your driveway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4512.3s	4512.3	 Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4513.1s	4513.1	 My abitash will meet me at the hotel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4515.0s	4515.0	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4519.0s	4519.0	 It's like this like sexual tension that we just need to release them out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4523.1s	4523.1	 What? You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4524.2s	4524.2	 What? You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4525.0s	4525.0	 What? You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4525.9s	4525.9	 What? You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4526.6s	4526.6	 What? You're the B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHScxoGggt4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=79&t=4527.3s	4527.3	 We need to get merch.
