https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=0.0s	0.0	 Let's talk about the sweaters. Okay, let David let's start with you because I love it. I love it. David. I love that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=6.3s	6.3	 I decided to up my sweater game for Jamoth. This is Tom Ford. Love it. Tom Ford. Tom Ford. The buttons are made out of endangered rhino horn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=17.4s	17.4	 We just lost a third of the audience. So my sweater is a very light Italian cashmere made by a company called Doriani. Doriani cashmere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=27.1s	27.1	 This right here is a little young calf leather. Very soft. Very soft. And the buttons like David's are made from shark fin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=45.5s	45.5	 And for those of you at home who would like to spend $150 and stay warm, may I recommend the marine layer?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=51.7s	51.7	 You can find it on Union Street jacket. I mean, how can you also find that jacket on dirt street?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=58.6s	58.6	 How tilted is Sweater Karen listening to this? Sweater Karen, if you're listening,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=63.0s	63.0	 I mean, you will never reveal Sweater Karen got back to me and she was like, Oh my god, he's so tilted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=68.6s	68.6	 I think I know who she is. Sweater Karen can kiss my brown ass. So I, Jade comes home last night,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=74.2s	74.2	 I kid you not. She's like, I don't like you in the t shirts. I got you some sweaters and I was, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=79.2s	79.2	 we're going to the mountains for the holiday. And I was like, did you watch the podcast about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=83.2s	83.2	 the sweater? She's like, No, I don't listen to your podcast. I was like, Okay, fair enough. And I'm like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=87.4s	87.4	 I'm looking at these things are all in these boxes and she's got this bunch of sweaters. I started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=90.5s	90.5	 up. What did you spend on this? She said $3,000. I was like, I'm not comfortable spending $3,000 on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=95.4s	95.4	 a sweater. That's half a sweaters. Eight of them. Yeah, Chamath is like, is that a sleeve?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=102.2s	102.2	 That's a three buttons on the waistband. That might be a vest for Chamath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=110.5s	110.5	 I think that's the box. The sweater came in with $3,000.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=114.1s	114.1	 So I got my three quarters zip and I'm feeling good. I'm feeling really good. I feel pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=117.7s	117.7	 sexy. And I'll be honest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=131.6s	131.6	 Hey, everybody. Hey, everybody. Welcome to the all in podcast. Yes. Breaking into the top 50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=141.8s	141.8	 podcasts week after week. Because of you, the amazing audience telling your friends about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=147.2s	147.2	 the two weeks. So it's week and week. Week after week, week after week, week after week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=153.7s	153.7	 a week and a week. The top 40 podcast episodes in the world. Thanks to the fans with me, of course,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=161.4s	161.4	 the dictator himself in a amazing sweater, light light cashmere. She they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=168.8s	168.8	 science I found out from his mom, she much prefers the Sultan of Science to Queen of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=174.3s	174.3	 Kenwa. So that's what we're going with going forward. David Friedberg, who had a great party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=180.0s	180.0	 up in and I really enjoyed going and sacks who didn't go to beeps party or to Friedberg's party,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=188.0s	188.0	 he stayed home and play chess on his iPhone. The Rain Man himself, David sacks. Welcome to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=195.2s	195.2	 pot everybody. Okay, you want me to New York story one true bestie Jason Calacanis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=201.1s	201.1	 I really wanted to come but that's breastfeeding and so I couldn't come.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=204.9s	204.9	 The helipad was shut down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=207.6s	207.6	 You were getting breastfed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=208.4s	208.4	 Oh, no, it was this great show called afterlife from Ricky Gervais. There's literally a scene in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=224.6s	224.6	 it where a woman they work for a local newspaper that's going out of business and they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=229.5s	229.5	 to do local stories. And the big story in town is a woman is making pudding, incredibly delicious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=237.0s	237.0	 pudding and it's from her breast milk. And they go and cover the story. Anyway, I'll just leave it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=243.3s	243.3	 at that. It's pretty amazing story. Do you want to know my two New York stories or not? Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=247.8s	247.8	 let's hear it. What we say had a helicopter story. What's the helicopter story helicopters also New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=251.8s	251.8	 York story. So I went to Deepdale to play golf with a certain well known individual. And we chopper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=263.8s	263.8	 back a finance individual, media, well known political individual. Okay, so this is not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=271.4s	271.4	 rock and roller. You do not want to step foot in a helicopter with a rock and roll star.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=275.6s	275.6	 No, but so here's my story, which is why I totally freaked out about helicopters and I can't this was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=281.2s	281.2	 eight years ago, we played deepdale, which is just, you know, outside New York,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=285.6s	285.6	 get in this the chopper lands in the middle of thing. I was like, okay, that's fine, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=289.3s	289.3	 you know, and we're going and I'm already feeling kind of skittish. I don't like helicopters,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=294.0s	294.0	 get to the east side of heliport and the east side heliport is basically right by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=297.2s	297.2	 East River. And so the helicopter descends. And one of the skis doesn't actually land on the fucking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=305.9s	305.9	 thing. And so he does it does a little tilty poops. And then the guy comes back up and then he lands.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=313.0s	313.0	 You honestly like I have never been more scared in my life. All right, that's it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=320.8s	320.8	 Never any besties. It's a bestie band for life. We're making a pact here. Nobody in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=324.6s	324.6	 front of it's crazy. So that's why I'm on New York. Last New York story was I was there two days ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=329.4s	329.4	 or for the last couple days, or seven, middle of it in the middle of this Omicron breakout.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=334.2s	334.2	 But by the way, had a beautiful dinner. After the game, Draymond, Kevin, Drat,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=340.7s	340.7	 me bunch of friends. Did you go to the game? No, we went to the private room at Carbone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=345.4s	345.4	 It was so brutal, though, I have to tell you, I feel so disgusting with myself. I had a work dinner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=350.4s	350.4	 And I have sushi at the work dinner. And then, you know, Dray texts after the game, he's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=354.9s	354.9	 Hey, we're all having dinner at Carbone. I said, Okay, I'll head through. I went to the hotel,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=359.7s	359.7	 I called Nat, I said, I'm brushing my teeth. And she said, But you're going out. And I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=365.3s	365.3	 Yes, but if I brush my teeth, I'm not going to eat a second dinner. And I thought, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=370.6s	370.6	 and then but I made a mistake. But I didn't floss. So I was on floss button. I brushed my teeth. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=377.8s	377.8	 I show up and fucking I lose it. And yes, wine and dessert and pasta, pasta, pasta. It was really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=385.3s	385.3	 brutal. And by 3am, I stumbled home. And I felt so bad because I had to wake up at like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=391.7s	391.7	 eight o'clock in the morning. No, my first meeting was a 745. Well, congratulations to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=395.5s	395.5	 stuff. Incredible. No. He's a shooter of all time. He's a virtuoso. Yeah. Anyways, that was my that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=403.1s	403.1	 was my New York story. I gained, you know, here's my here's my I gained one kilo 2.2 pounds I gained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=410.8s	410.8	 in two days. Here's my car bone story. hardest thing to hardest reservation to get in New York.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=416.2s	416.2	 Sax is like, Jake, I'll need help me a favor. What's the best place in New York to do a closing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=419.6s	419.6	 dinner? I'm like, I got you. I got my guy. Get my guy on the horn. My guy's like, Okay, I got you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=424.1s	424.1	 car bone Friday fucking night. Eight o'clock hardest ticket in New York. You know what Sax does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=430.0s	430.0	 goes dark. Friday afternoon 1pm. He's like, Yeah, we're not gonna make it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=434.3s	434.3	 I'm like, my friend is like, Jacob, your guy burned the carbon res. That was the bird IPO. I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=445.4s	445.4	 going to take the founder out to dinner that night at carbon and then it turned into like the big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=449.4s	449.4	 group dinner with like 30 people. So it moved over to the the the private room, which is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=455.2s	455.2	 you know, not in the restaurant, but it's like a little bit on the side. It only fits like 1520
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=460.7s	460.7	 people. So it's not like you can and that's it. That's then it's really tight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=464.9s	464.9	 How well you may ask a question. What was Steph's? How did Steph feel?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=470.0s	470.0	 No, Steph wasn't there. Draymond, Kevin, me, Benny Fowler, morale, but just a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=476.0s	476.0	 us say Kevin, Kevin Durant. Yeah. Kevin Durant still friendly with he's honestly he's he's such
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=483.4s	483.4	 a great guy. I love Kevin. He's really he is really, really, really great. She had stayed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=489.0s	489.0	 super, super sensitive cool. He's friends with always always he was always I think that when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=495.2s	495.2	 they had their blow up, it was more like their brothers. And it was just a little bit like when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=499.9s	499.9	 you started talking like Joe Pesci. Did the Kevin Durant ever start talking about Joe Pesci?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=508.6s	508.6	 Hey, it's baseball. All right. It was an eventful week on Twitter. We're only one week into the new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=515.1s	515.1	 Twitter CEOs reign. Jack is gone and already David Sacks has been flagged. It's a guy can't be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=523.8s	523.8	 coincidence that you were talking about them. flagging accounts at the end of free speech.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=529.0s	529.0	 And that pull it up on the screen everybody. Investors should be spending their time finding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=536.6s	536.6	 good investments not endlessly debating interest rates, inflation and tax policy. But that's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=541.4s	541.4	 uncertainty Washington has created. It's a great tweet. I like that tweet, actually. And then the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=547.6s	547.6	 flag, the conversation from Sacks has been flagged. Some conversations can get heavy. Don't forget
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=555.0s	555.0	 the human behind the screen. Do you think that this is that's machine learned? Or do you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=558.8s	558.8	 that that's an editor that goes in there and actually manually flags? machine learned? No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=563.9s	563.9	 I think it's a great question. But what is but what is in there that actually triggers debating?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=568.6s	568.6	 Washington, interest rates, tax policy, Washington, I'm not sure. I'm not sure that you could build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=576.6s	576.6	 or maybe it's the ratio. I don't know how you would build a function that would weight this in a way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=580.9s	580.9	 where this could get flagged of all the things you could say with those words. This is so benign.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=584.8s	584.8	 Well, I think it's the kind of it seems to be this thing's kind of ward off bullying attacks on Sacks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=590.3s	590.3	 which I don't think Sacks needs to be too worried about. All right, because they're telling this to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=594.5s	594.5	 people who would reply. You're saying it's there to protect me. It's to protect you. It's one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=598.6s	598.6	 those things where they're like trying to get people to not insult you in the comments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=602.1s	602.1	 You're talking about that. Do you get a lot of insults and comments on your tweets? Oh, undoubtedly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=607.6s	607.6	 But this tweet's comment section was pretty benign. Oh, right. It may not be about the tweet. It might
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=614.5s	614.5	 be about the replies. This wasn't that hot. This wasn't that hot. I think Jamoth might be onto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=620.2s	620.2	 something. You know, Michelle Taylor got the same label around the same day for a tweet that seemed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=626.6s	626.6	 totally innocuous too. So what I wonder about is, you know, is this label to protect us or is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=632.8s	632.8	 a way is it sort of a passive aggressive way for snowflakes at Twitter to like label
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=638.3s	638.3	 people they don't like and sort of suggest they're vaguely disreputable?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=643.0s	643.0	 I don't think it's that. I don't think it's all right. It's a left-wing. It's a it's the it's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=647.8s	647.8	 libs going after the right sacks. Your power. I haven't seen any liberals getting I haven't seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=653.0s	653.0	 any like left-wing people getting labeled this way. There seems to be a blanket attempt at trying to kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=657.1s	657.1	 mute the tone a little bit across the the debating that happens and the comments that come across
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=662.2s	662.2	 in the replies. And I think they're just trying to like get everyone to tone it down a bit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=665.6s	665.6	 I think it's like the redestroy before you tweet it. It'd be really interesting to know whether this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=669.8s	669.8	 was algorithmic or was editorial because I think if it's editorial, it does actually I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=674.7s	674.7	 it's as extreme as what David just said, but it skews more in the realm of like people with an axe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=679.3s	679.3	 to grind can flag one thing over another or not. Right. But if it's algorithmic, I think that that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=685.2s	685.2	 algorithm probably just needs a lot of tweaking because it's not well anyway, this doesn't it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=689.1s	689.1	 say that there's a person behind the tweet. It's like trying to get people to not say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=693.8s	693.8	 you want to do something with the warning. The warning is charming. The warning is charming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=697.2s	697.2	 Charming. It's it's it's ridiculous to be nice to each other. It's ridiculous. Like your mom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=701.7s	701.7	 inserting herself in being like now remember, it's it's there to suggest that there might be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=707.0s	707.0	 something wrong with the content that's being posted. Well, you know, in other words, in other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=711.3s	711.3	 words, the content is so triggering that, you know, it needs warning labels. Do you guys think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=716.6s	716.6	 paternalism has a role on social networks to try and mollify the the kind of discourse being too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=723.3s	723.3	 acrimonious? Like, I think we need some some of the transparency that Jack Dorsey repeatedly promised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=729.0s	729.0	 at all the congressional hearings. Remember, when he got hauled up there, he promised that they would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=732.0s	732.0	 give more transparency about the way that their algorithms worked? Where is that? And it hasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=737.1s	737.1	 been delivered up, they promised it. Now Jack George, he's skipped out of town. And there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=741.8s	741.8	 new guy in charge. Well, we need to know how these algorithms work, because they are pressing their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=746.6s	746.6	 thumb on the scale, you know, of debate in the marketplace of ideas by suggesting that some ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=753.6s	753.6	 are sketchier than others. They should just put here, this was algorithmically done based on they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=758.2s	758.2	 should explain it under there should be a little question mark, you have a question mark, based on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=761.7s	761.7	 the words in the thread. It feels like things are getting heated here. We did this with an algorithm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=766.2s	766.2	 or users reported this as a heated thread. So we put this here or a human decided no, we decided
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=774.0s	774.0	 Yeah, but you want it to be an open marketplace of ideas. But the fact is, it's Twitter's marketplace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=778.8s	778.8	 of ideas. Yeah. And Facebook's is Facebook's marketplace of ideas. And at the end of the day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=782.8s	782.8	 I don't think you're going to get away from any of these centralized social networks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=787.0s	787.0	 having anything but some degree of moderation to play a role in a related thing. They didn't just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=791.7s	791.7	 target sacks. Also, Chamath, you didn't see this, but they flagged one of your tweets just this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=796.7s	796.7	 afternoon. Pull it up. As you can see here, it's a slightly different one. It says layers are for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=802.6s	802.6	 players, this conversation will drift to $5,000 sweaters. So a big warning for Chamath. And for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=809.5s	809.5	 the people replying, be careful. This that must be that must be then that must have been human.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=815.8s	815.8	 That's human. Sure. And this one came in or Prof G. Another one came in for Prof G. So and then this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=822.3s	822.3	 case, I think they're actually trying to think about the public good. This guy is full of shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=828.3s	828.3	 He thought JC Benny would beat Amazon. How many how many hours of Masterclass Adobe Photoshop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=833.8s	833.8	 did you take to get to see? I didn't make these my meme team did. I'm convinced you have two ways
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=840.9s	840.9	 to raise your next fund in Silicon Valley. One, have one of the top 50 podcasts in the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=845.8s	845.8	 or two have a strong meme game and I'm going for both. Sacks now has a warning on his.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=851.0s	851.0	 And this one they put on your profile page. This was crazy. Warning, this person is interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=855.8s	855.8	 things to say. If you if you're too interesting, you get labeled now. It's really crazy. I saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=861.8s	861.8	 Jacob having too much fun with this. I'm like, I gotta get it on this. I need a meme team.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=866.9s	866.9	 Yeah, exactly. If anybody out there I don't care if you're I need a comedian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=871.8s	871.8	 I'm willing to pay on a paper meme, a paper viral, whatever it takes. Okay. In a related story,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=879.0s	879.0	 Democrats want racial equity audits at tech companies according to the Washington Free Beacon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=885.5s	885.5	 which sacks correct me if I'm wrong, that's some sort of wacky right wing publication.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=890.7s	890.7	 Never heard of it. Okay, Washington Free Beacon, if instituted auditors would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=895.1s	895.1	 veto power over every product or initiative, that's not an exaggeration is what the story says.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=900.7s	900.7	 One proposal from House Democrats would find companies 20,000 a day for not completing by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=905.8s	905.8	 any independent racial equity audits. A left wing nonprofit called color of change is pushing for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=912.8s	912.8	 these audits last week, their president called for independent auditors to vet new products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=917.4s	917.4	 from tech companies before they're released in front of Congress. 2018 color of change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=921.7s	921.7	 to suddenly push Facebook into completing an audit, they call for more restrictions on Trump's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=925.5s	925.5	 posts. Color of change itself pushed for Trump to be permanently banned from the platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=930.7s	930.7	 Just so you know, this is exactly the rough version of what happened to Microsoft. In their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=935.8s	935.8	 DOJ settlement, their antitrust settlement was effectively an oversight where lawyers at the DOJ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=940.6s	940.6	 were the product managers and had not effectively veto right, but you had to approve product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=945.4s	945.4	 features before you could push them for 10 years. You know, this is essentially what caused bombers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=951.0s	951.0	 rain. Just be so you know, in your minutes is like he couldn't do anything because like you had you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=955.0s	955.0	 had a plan to do something. And you'd have to go to these random folks who didn't really have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=959.3s	959.3	 context to make a decision. One way or the other on features. So I mean, the idea that they would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=964.5s	964.5	 do this is a pretty it's pretty crazy. I need a point of clarification here. I've heard the term
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=969.4s	969.4	 racial audits or racial equity audits. My understanding of those were to understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=974.3s	974.3	 the composure of the company in terms of you know, the diversity in the company. But this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=979.8s	979.8	 something different. This is in the product to make sure the product isn't racist. Can products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=986.5s	986.5	 be racist? What's an example of a product being racist? I don't understand what they would find.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=993.3s	993.3	 Let me unpack this for you. Okay, what they are basically saying is that these big companies and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=998.5s	998.5	 for example, they've called on Google to conduct one of these audits, they want all these big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1002.9s	1002.9	 companies conduct these audits. These so called auditors are actually political consultants who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1009.5s	1009.5	 are members of the Democratic Party or friends of the Sanders are pushing for this. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1013.2s	1013.2	 political activists. It's a grift. And it's partly a grift. But it's more than that. Because,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1018.6s	1018.6	 you know, when you conduct an audit, let's just take this word audit for a second, okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1022.5s	1022.5	 you bring in a big five accounting firm, and they will check your numbers according to generally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1027.5s	1027.5	 accepted accounting principles gap and make sure that the numbers are what you've awarded them to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1031.7s	1031.7	 be. That is the purpose of an audit. And if the auditor ever says that you've done anything wrong,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1036.2s	1036.2	 like you have to fix it, there's no choice. Or you can appeal to some other auditor and have them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1040.7s	1040.7	 redo the work. Okay, according to these generally accepted principles, with an equity audit, what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1045.5s	1045.5	 exactly are the principles that are being enforced or checked here, there is no generally accepted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1051.9s	1051.9	 list of equity principles that must be enforced these companies, basically, you have to do whatever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1057.4s	1057.4	 this political activist tells you to do. I mean, it's essentially like bringing in a party commissar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1063.1s	1063.1	 to now take over the company or at least be inside the company telling the executives and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1069.4s	1069.4	 officer of the company what to do. It's something that frankly, the CCP would do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1073.8s	1073.8	 It does feel a little like, yeah, Stasi like, didn't we have all of the companies on their own,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1083.1s	1083.1	 from Twitter to Google to Facebook, release their own diversity stats? Years ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1089.0s	1089.0	 I think this is about more than diversity. It's about equity. It's about equity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1092.5s	1092.5	 So let's explain the difference in what that means. This is somehow how the companies run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1097.0s	1097.0	 like the day to day life of the employees there, not just the composure and the breakdown of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1100.7s	1100.7	 employees. Look, equity, equity means anything that progressives say it means we've seen on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1104.6s	1104.6	 this program before how equity has dumped the shark. There's now there was a provision in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1109.0s	1109.0	 infrastructure bill for tree equity. So, I mean, really any disparity that occurs that progressives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1116.1s	1116.1	 don't like can now be called a violation of equity. And this gives them the authorization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1120.0s	1120.0	 to come in there and start giving orders. It's very weird that I don't understand how the product
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1125.8s	1125.8	 then review gets stopped to throttle you from leasing product as a punitive. Let me give you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1132.2s	1132.2	 an example. So recently, you know, I wrote a piece called the the no buy list where I basically you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1138.6s	1138.6	 had companies like PayPal and some of these other financial firms were starting to deny service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1142.8s	1142.8	 to customers to users based on their political affiliations. And not just like people who are in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1150.5s	1150.5	 you know, well known hate groups that like everybody sort of, you know, issues wants to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1155.0s	1155.0	 stay away from. But these are people with relatively down the middle conservative, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1159.8s	1159.8	 conservative groups, and they were being denied service by, you know, fintech firms. So now I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1165.8s	1165.8	 not saying that this is what this means. But if this equity auditors tells you, well, look, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1171.0s	1171.0	 think it's equitable to allow these conservative groups to, you know, be a user of your product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1176.1s	1176.1	 Well, what's the company going to do? They're gonna have to listen to that. And that that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1179.8s	1179.8	 a plausible scenario, given that it's already occurred. We've, we've, we've said this so many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1184.3s	1184.3	 times on the pod. But I just want to say it again, for because I guess a lot of folks are new and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1188.2s	1188.2	 listening. Whenever you hear equity used by a politician, it usually means there's a power grab
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1194.0s	1194.0	 involved. Yeah, because if you really want things to be fair, you want things to be equal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1198.7s	1198.7	 Meritocracy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1199.6s	1199.6	 you want equality. But whenever you start throwing over the word equity around and say we want racial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1205.1s	1205.1	 equity, it's a bunch of, you know, a small number of people who, you know, basically have and live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1212.6s	1212.6	 by what I, you know, what's often called luxury beliefs, who want to judge other people who want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1217.5s	1217.5	 to be morally absolutist, and then who want to basically like, you know, exercise a power grab,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1223.0s	1223.0	 and we have to push back on that stuff, because it's just a slippery, slippery slope.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1228.0s	1228.0	 Well, this also seems like overbearing red tape for companies. I mean, if the company has no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1233.9s	1233.9	 problems, no complaints against it, you know, releases their diversity numbers, like, what is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1239.0s	1239.0	 the point of going in there? Let's use let's use an example that builds on what David said, let's take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1243.4s	1243.4	 Square, okay, one of the one of the most incredible things that Square did was in a hackathon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1247.9s	1247.9	 essentially, build a cash app. Yeah. And one of the most incredible things that happened in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1252.2s	1252.2	 cash app was that it really started to blow up in urban communities, okay. And it starts to normalize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1259.3s	1259.3	 banking, opening up bank accounts, having more savings, understanding, you know, an on ramp into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1264.6s	1264.6	 crypto, you know, cash app has probably done more to get black and brown people into crypto and to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1269.4s	1269.4	 save money and to understand their cash than almost anybody else as as a almost explicit strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1276.8s	1276.8	 And so is somebody supposed to go in there and just, you know, arbitrarily judge whether there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1281.5s	1281.5	 too many white people that work at Square or not enough black people. And so x, y, z thing has to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1286.5s	1286.5	 change, or such and such a feature doesn't actually speak to folks, so you can't do it. It's insanity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1292.2s	1292.2	 It's like also to your point, sax is what what are the what do these people know? Like, what is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1297.7s	1297.7	 their qualification? And what's the goal? Right. And to build on Trimaz's point, if these senators,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1304.2s	1304.2	 so I think Cory Booker was the one who proposed this, if these senators want those specific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1308.8s	1308.8	 policies implemented in the fortune 500, let them pass a bill to do it and let all of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1314.7s	1314.7	 elected representatives vote on that bill. And then we can see if it'll really if it's popular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1319.1s	1319.1	 enough to pass and whether it passes constitutional muster, they won't do that because these bills,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1325.0s	1325.0	 if they were directly concretized, the four, they don't have legs, would be very unpopular.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1329.5s	1329.5	 So instead, what they do is tell you, well, we're not going to do this directly, we're going to put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1333.9s	1333.9	 pressure on these big companies to hire one of our political friends, again, this like commissar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1338.4s	1338.4	 like person, and empower them to tell these companies what to do. So it's really kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1343.3s	1343.3	 insidious what they're doing. And they're kind of covering it all up with these nice sounding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1347.4s	1347.4	 names. I mean, who could be against a racial equity audit, right? Because yes, if you're if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1353.4s	1353.4	 you're against it, you must be a racist and you must not believe in auditing companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1357.5s	1357.5	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1358.2s	1358.2	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1358.5s	1358.5	 So this is a word game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1359.5s	1359.5	 You have to you just it's a word game. It's it's using words that are really loaded and mean a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1365.3s	1365.3	 to a lot of us, right? If I hear racism and race, my ears are triggering. Yeah, it's not triggering,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1370.7s	1370.7	 but my ears perk up. And I have I have a lot of inbuilt opinions on it that have been governed by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1376.7s	1376.7	 45 years as living as a as a brown man. And so okay, it stands to reason that I'm going to pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1382.9s	1382.9	 attention. But on the surface, if you say racial equity audit, it also doesn't seem actually all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1387.4s	1387.4	 that bad. It seems like reasonably benign. And that seems like an okay thing to do. It's just that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1392.2s	1392.2	 most of us then stop at that point and move on. Right. But if you actually look at the rules,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1396.6s	1396.6	 again, I would just say whenever political frameworks use the word, we need to create more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1401.8s	1401.8	 equity, the outcomes are horrible. For example, look in healthcare, you know, if we have used this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1407.5s	1407.5	 idea of healthcare equity, health equity, and we've misused it to such a degree. And all we see is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1414.2s	1414.2	 that now the system is so perverted. It also doesn't work for the majority of people that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1419.0s	1419.0	 actually had the healthcare system work for it, right? Like at the top of the pecking order has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1422.2s	1422.2	 always been white men have always gotten the best care. And we've always measured our healthcare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1426.7s	1426.7	 progress in America, based on the longevity of men, white men, you know, 78 7980 years old,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1433.4s	1433.4	 and then it started to degrade. And people are curious what was happening. And underneath it all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1438.6s	1438.6	 was just a bunch of power grabs under the realm of equity. We passed all these crazy laws, we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1442.7s	1442.7	 basically didn't do anything to really create more accountability and a cost based system.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1448.5s	1448.5	 And here we are. So at some point, when the citizenry hears that word, you're going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1455.0s	1455.0	 to put your thinking cap on and actually take the opposite view, which is hold on, this is a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1460.3s	1460.3	 nice sounding word. It may not be what I think it is. And I got to pay attention because more than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1465.3s	1465.3	 if I didn't hear the word at all, anything you have on race, Freedberg representing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1472.6s	1472.6	 South Africans, I don't think this is about race, Jake, I think this is about power, power,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1477.8s	1477.8	 it feels like a power grip. Also, it feels like a little grip. It feels a little bit of a grift.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1481.4s	1481.4	 I know I had heard on the back channel that a lot of the people who are criticizing some big tech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1485.8s	1485.8	 companies who were getting, you know, I'm not gonna say who or under what moniker sweater Karen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1492.2s	1492.2	 that's what I'm carrying. But there was a group of people who are like attacking big sweater Karen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1497.0s	1497.0	 if she has an opinion on sweater, she must have an opinion on racial equity. Come on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1500.3s	1500.3	 I can't leave sweater Karen has the issue is, they would complain and create these, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1505.7s	1505.7	 basically, you know, Twitter mobs. And then they'd say, Oh, yeah, and hire us for $20,000. We'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1510.3s	1510.3	 come in and fix the problem for you. So they were creating the Twitter mob to come in and solve the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1516.5s	1516.5	 problem. That's so I was like, Oh, wow, that is so dirty. No, I mean, these HR consultants who've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1523.7s	1523.7	 written these books like on though, was it D'Angelo, whatever on white fragility and, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1529.2s	1529.2	 how to be an anti racist. I mean, they're all making a fortune in corporate fees, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1534.2s	1534.2	 charging $20 30,000 per per gig. I mean, it is absolutely a racket.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1539.4s	1539.4	 I'm not a fan of equality of outcome. I'm more a fan of equality of opportunity. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1546.8s	1546.8	 many, many of these sorts of folks, I try and identify methods to drive equality of outcome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1553.0s	1553.0	 And it inhibits the competitive forces that cause the best person, the best idea, the best business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1559.4s	1559.4	 the best market model to win. And, you know, I think it's easy to conflate the two when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1565.8s	1565.8	 don't really think through it. But it is certainly appropriate and reasonable to make sure that folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1570.5s	1570.5	 aren't discriminated against when they apply for a job. I don't think it's appropriate to then apply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1577.1s	1577.1	 considerations of race and other factors when people are equally in the same job on who gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1583.4s	1583.4	 to have the chance at the bonus. It is the best performer that should have the chance at the bonus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1588.9s	1588.9	 and the same should be true in marketplaces and the same should be true with business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1592.7s	1592.7	 And I think that what we're really seeing is this fundamental effort to try and generate equality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1598.4s	1598.4	 and outcomes in lots of different manifestations. And we're seeing it more frequently and more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1604.2s	1604.2	 severely than we've seen it historically. But it's not, I don't think it's the right model.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1609.0s	1609.0	 And it's only going to lead to demise of marketplace dynamics and the things that cause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1613.7s	1613.7	 forces for success and progress to win. You know, we mentioned this a couple times,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1619.1s	1619.1	 I'll just say it again. But we are about to have probably the most significant movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1625.4s	1625.4	 and questioning of equity versus equality. Because I think in the next month, maybe in the next two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1631.8s	1631.8	 months, we're going to sort of see a pretty strict opinion on affirmative action. And if you talk to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1637.8s	1637.8	 legal scholars, the overwhelming consensus is this is gone. And, you know, we're going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1643.5s	1643.5	 to figure out how to rebuild, you know, what was a really important system that tried to give folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1649.0s	1649.0	 at least, you know, getting to the starting line in the same way. But it's not going to it's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1655.2s	1655.2	 really going to exist in this in the same way, shape or form. Speaking of Karen's, Elizabeth Warren
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1660.5s	1660.5	 was bashing Elon over taxes. Elon has a Twitter handle with some followers and he responded.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1670.2s	1670.2	 Elizabeth Warren says, let's change the rigged tax code. So the person the year will actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1674.5s	1674.5	 pay taxes and stop freeloading off everyone else. Unfortunately, for Elizabeth Warren,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1681.3s	1681.3	 Elon Musk is pretty good at Twitter, he replied, and if you opened your eyes for two seconds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1685.8s	1685.8	 you would realize I pay more taxes than any American in history this year. He paid,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1691.3s	1691.3	 which is I guess true, he paid more in taxes now than any American in history.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1696.0s	1696.0	 As a side note, Elizabeth Warren has a $12 million net worth and I saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1700.7s	1700.7	 that she paid no taxes on her equity holdings because she didn't sell anything, which is how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1704.2s	1704.2	 the tax code works. And Elon then responded, don't spend it all at once. Oh, wait, you already did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1713.7s	1713.7	 And then, you know, after the warm up replies, you really,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1718.6s	1718.6	 you know, got in the zone and like Steph Curry, just started draining half court shots. He ratioed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1724.5s	1724.5	 her every year with 50,000 replies. Yeah, you remind me of when I was a kid, and my friends,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1730.0s	1730.0	 angry mom would just randomly yell at everyone for no reason, please don't call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1736.1s	1736.1	 the manager on me, Senator Karen, you want also responded to Bernie Sanders,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1741.0s	1741.0	 tweet today about climate change, Bernie Sanders said, when future generations ask us, what do we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1745.8s	1745.8	 do to stop the climate crisis? How will the answer? And that you launched that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1751.7s	1751.7	 And so great tweets. But to the bigger picture, did these people even know what's going on in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1758.0s	1758.0	 the world? No, they woke up, they woke up on the wrong side of the tilt bed. Yeah, because in like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1765.0s	1765.0	 a 24 hour period, he was the time person of the year, the FT person of the year. And they just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1772.2s	1772.2	 went into super mega tilt mode. And the Build Back Better Act got shelved. And then and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1778.3s	1778.3	 build that bill and then sell then. Well, I mean, you know, I think we talked about this last week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1784.3s	1784.3	 but that bill is dead now. I mean, they pushed it to March to basically avoid a down vote.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1789.1s	1789.1	 Nothing's gonna happen. David, you're right. It was that we said last week, wouldn't it be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1793.8s	1793.8	 hilarious if Elon said kill it? And then it got killed? Well, I don't I don't think that that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1798.5s	1798.5	 why the bill is dying. I think the real reason is that we now see a Fed posture, which is actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1804.6s	1804.6	 pretty reasonable, which actually says, oh, wait, there's way too much money in the system as it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1810.4s	1810.4	 Yeah. You know, the Fed two days ago, basically said, we're going to see up to three rate hikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1815.1s	1815.1	 next year, probably 50 basis points each. So you know, it's basically acknowledging that these these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1821.8s	1821.8	 last, you know, several years, we have printed way too much money, and they're trying to fix the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1826.2s	1826.2	 problem that they created. So that's, I think the real reason. And then the CBO comes out and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1831.8s	1831.8	 basically says the Congressional Budget Office and says, this thing is a white albatross that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1835.8s	1835.8	 going to cost way more than you guys think it will. And so it puts Biden in this very awkward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1840.3s	1840.3	 situation, which is, you know, on the one hand, he supports Powell. And, you know, he supports
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1846.7s	1846.7	 institutions or has historically like the CBO, but he effectively then has to push back on both of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1851.5s	1851.5	 them all in one fall swoop to try to ram this bill down people's throats. And the support is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1855.7s	1855.7	 I think it's crumbling. And so, you know, to save face, they basically said, well, we'll put a pin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1860.0s	1860.0	 on this and we'll revisit it in March. But you guys know what's going to happen in the next three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1864.6s	1864.6	 months, there's going to be some other crisis, most folks will forget, and it may just allow them to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1869.4s	1869.4	 move on without having to actually deal with the potential of this thing getting defeated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1875.3s	1875.3	 Which would just be, I think, cataclysmically bad for sacks for Democrats, you were on CNBC today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1880.7s	1880.7	 I thought you said something really important to where you said, hey, listen, maybe if we just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1886.8s	1886.8	 calm things down for a year, we can, you know, get through I'm not sure what the exact quote was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1892.3s	1892.3	 but maybe you could unpack that sentiment you had on CNBC today, because I thought that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1896.1s	1896.1	 pretty important. Yeah, well, I mean, I agree with what Jamal said, this. I mean, this this BBB bill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1902.9s	1902.9	 was particularly anachronistic once the 6.8%, you know, inflation print came out. In other words,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1910.2s	1910.2	 we're in a hyperinflationary environment. And here comes this bill that the CBO says, if,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1915.8s	1915.8	 you know, over 10 years would cost $5 trillion, that's the last thing we need is more money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1921.4s	1921.4	 printing when you know, we've got this inflationary fire out of control. So I think that is why the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1926.2s	1926.2	 bill is being shelved, probably not to return. I think that the larger problem that we have in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1932.1s	1932.1	 markets is that this there's a tremendous amount of uncertainty being created right now by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1936.9s	1936.9	 Washington, we've had tremendous uncertainty over spending, over taxes over interest rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1943.4s	1943.4	 And the conversations that I'm having with friends who are investors in really every asset class,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1949.7s	1949.7	 real estate, VC, crypto, the conversations are all the same, what's interest rates going to do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1954.7s	1954.7	 What's the macro picture going to be? I've never seen investors who should be focused on, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1959.5s	1959.5	 do I invest this company or buy this building, whatever? Those aren't the conversations,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1962.6s	1962.6	 it's all everyone's a macro economist now. And so we're also distracted by this. And so now the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1969.0s	1969.0	 a couple of days ago finally gave us clarity. I mean, what they basically said is they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1972.6s	1972.6	 to accelerate the taper, they'll they'll end quantitative easing at the end of q1. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1978.0s	1978.0	 we're basically going to get what that means to people who don't know what they've been purchasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1983.0s	1983.0	 and why? Yeah, I mean, quantitative easing is kind of a weird term. What it means is that the Fed has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1987.4s	1987.4	 been going into the bond market and buying bonds. I think basically mortgage backed securities and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1993.7s	1993.7	 treasuries, and they've been buying I think about 90 billion a month, they're going to cut that back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=1998.7s	1998.7	 to 60 billion a month. And that'll continue. Just explain it a little bit more. When you do that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2004.9s	2004.9	 what you're doing is you're giving somebody that owns those bonds money. Okay, so the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2011.7s	2011.7	 prints money, the government prints $100, takes that $100 steps into the market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2018.2s	2018.2	 and takes something from you, in this case, it's a bond and gives you that freshly printed $100.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2024.1s	2024.1	 What are you going to do? Well, you're probably going to go and spend that you're going to buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2028.1s	2028.1	 other things. And that's the cycle of inflation that quantitative easing basically creates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2033.1s	2033.1	 And so when you call it when you talk about tapering, what that means is slowing down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2038.3s	2038.3	 the money printing machine and slowing down you stepping in the market and buying assets with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2043.4s	2043.4	 money that you've created out of thin air. And it's other people to buy those assets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2047.1s	2047.1	 if other people see value in them, you then you then are forced to find the real market clearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2051.8s	2051.8	 price. Yeah, those those bonds are now on the Fed's balance sheet. And so there's a very interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2056.1s	2056.1	 chart showing assets that are owned by the Fed. And it went up by something like 3 trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2063.3s	2063.3	 during COVID. So that is the sort of monetary stimulus has been pumped into the market over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2068.4s	2068.4	 the last couple of years separately, we've had something like six or seven trillion of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2072.1s	2072.1	 dispending by the government. So, you know, tremendous amount of 3 trillion is not thrown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2077.2s	2077.2	 away. So we're clear, we're going to get interest on that. And people some number will default,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2081.2s	2081.2	 some of them will get paid back. It's a way of stimulating the economy. But we now know after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2085.8s	2085.8	 this, the stimulus checks, and all the stimulus we did during the pandemic, we don't need to put more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2091.6s	2091.6	 fire or oxygen or kerosene on what we got going in this economy, correct, David?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2096.2s	2096.2	 Yeah, I mean, we, we should show that chart about how much the Fed's balance sheet has grown over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2101.7s	2101.7	 the last couple of years. But, you know, the argument I think would be the reason why they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2106.5s	2106.5	 they buy these assets is if they're buying bonds, it basically means that it keeps the yield down,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2113.3s	2113.3	 right? Because if they weren't the ones buying them, someone else would have to buy these bonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2117.2s	2117.2	 to keep the government funded, and they might demand a higher interest rate, a higher yield on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2121.8s	2121.8	 the bonds. So this by having the Fed come in and increase the demand for the government's debt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2128.7s	2128.7	 it means that the government can sell its debt more cheaply. So when they stop doing that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2134.3s	2134.3	 I think you can expect that, you know, interest rates are going to need to rise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2138.8s	2138.8	 in order to make our debt attractive to, you know, to bond buyers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2143.3s	2143.3	 The other thing the other thing, by the way, that the Fed did when they did that was it wasn't just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2148.0s	2148.0	 government bonds that they were buying. They decided completely arbitrarily, at one point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2154.9s	2154.9	 to start buying certain corporate debt. So they own like for debt, GM debt, commercial paper,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2161.7s	2161.7	 that's called Yeah, no, no, no, well, not I mean, commercial paper sort of more very short term,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2166.7s	2166.7	 short term duration. But, like, how do you make a decision to start buying corporate bonds? It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2171.2s	2171.2	 like buying corporate equities. Do you buy Google versus Facebook? Do you have a capital allocator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2175.4s	2175.4	 making that decision? So more importantly, who's who's setting the price who's setting the price.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2179.5s	2179.5	 So, you know, these guys have been off the reservation for a long time. I think it's fair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2184.4s	2184.4	 to say that they were forced into action without a playbook in the middle of a once in a, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2189.9s	2189.9	 lifetime once a century pandemic. Fair enough. And I think they actually did a pretty reasonable job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2195.7s	2195.7	 But we just kept the tap on for so long. Yeah. And now we're like dealing with this stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2201.7s	2201.7	 trying to figure out how do we actually compensate. So the idea that we would add knowing all of this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2207.0s	2207.0	 So it's one thing, I think, if Biden passed the bill, five months ago, six months ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2212.5s	2212.5	 because we didn't know any of this stuff. But to do it now, knowing that, I think that it's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2218.0s	2218.0	 hard. And I bet you that it's not just mansion on the Democrats that are having a little bit of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2223.5s	2223.5	 heartburn and second thoughts. It's probably more because I suspect that they could have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2228.2s	2228.2	 forced his hand really, if it was just up to him. But I suspect there are other Democrats who are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2232.8s	2232.8	 now teetering on the fence thinking I don't want my legacy to be tied to this. When we're printing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2237.2s	2237.2	 678% inflation, for me to basically keep the money printing machine on because it's it's insane.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2243.0s	2243.0	 This is like the Sopranos episode where he gave them like, he fronted the guy like 45 boxes of ZD,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2248.7s	2248.7	 and like you wake up and this guy can't pay the bill on the poker game. Like where can we even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2252.3s	2252.3	 afford to pay this back at some point? Yeah, look, I think when when March comes around,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2256.0s	2256.0	 and this bill supposedly going to be brought back off the table, we're going to be into the election
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2259.8s	2259.8	 season in 2022. And I don't know that Democrats are going to want to defend this. I think there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2264.0s	2264.0	 is a view on the Democratic side that if they deliver enough goodies to their base, then that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2269.9s	2269.9	 will help them win elections. But I think what helps you win elections more than delivering goodies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2275.5s	2275.5	 to your special interests is for the economy to be healthy. Yeah. And if they are sort of pressurizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2280.8s	2280.8	 this inflation situation, that is I think ultimately that could backfire. I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2286.2s	2286.2	 going to be worse for the economy. Frankly, I think Manchin is doing Biden a favor because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2290.6s	2290.6	 if the economy does grow by 4% next year, as the Fed is predicting it is, and if inflation comes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2297.6s	2297.6	 down, because you stop printing money the way they're doing, then you know, I think the Democrats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2302.6s	2302.6	 will do better in the election if the economy is good. I mean, one of the reasons why they did so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2306.6s	2306.6	 poorly in the off-year election a month ago is that there's tremendous economic anxiety out there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2312.2s	2312.2	 People are seeing the inflation at the gas tank when they go to buy food. And if that continues,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2319.2s	2319.2	 I think they're going to do very poorly next year. I want to just bring up this chart from Fred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2324.6s	2324.6	 on total assets on the Fed balance sheet. I think it is really interesting to look at this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2328.8s	2328.8	 because the Fed had about a trillion of assets until 2008. Okay. Then we had the financial crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2334.9s	2334.9	 and they doubled it. That's when the quantitative easing began. It went to 2 trillion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2339.8s	2339.8	 But then from roughly 2009 to about 2020 before COVID, somehow the balance sheet grew from 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2348.8s	2348.8	 trillion to 4 trillion. And it had gone to 4.5 and they were starting to shed assets. So they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2354.3s	2354.3	 were starting to get off drugs. But it was still from 2 to 4 trillion between this 2009 and 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2361.0s	2361.0	 period when supposedly we weren't in a crisis. So they've continued this quantitative easing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2365.8s	2365.8	 Then COVID hits and the amount grows from 4 to 7 trillion just in 2020. And since then it's gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2373.4s	2373.4	 from 7 to a little under 9 trillion just in the last, you know, well, they-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2380.1s	2380.1	 How do we get these things off our books ever? I mean, these are 20-year bonds?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2383.1s	2383.1	 Eventually, you got to sell them. Well, either they're going to have to sell the assets-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2386.2s	2386.2	 Or they can do. Well, it's not like that. They basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2391.4s	2391.4	 the Fed is the one who bought the government debt. So their buying is called a 10-year treasury.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2396.8s	2396.8	 So yeah, I guess they could just wait till the bond gets paid off. But I guess they could do that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2403.5s	2403.5	 But now the Fed has an incentive not to let the assets get toxic, right? So if, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2410.0s	2410.0	 the assets would get toxic if, you know, if interest rates go up too high, that drives bond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2415.3s	2415.3	 prices down. And now all the assets on their books are worth a lot less. Yeah, this is like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2420.0s	2420.0	 the point where we have to just call it and say, okay, you know what, let's move on. Meaning in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2424.6s	2424.6	 sense that, like, we have to go to these root causes because the money is more money is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2431.1s	2431.1	 going to fix what we're dealing with. So I just put something in the group chat. And I just want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2434.8s	2434.8	 to get your guys' reaction to it. Because when I saw it, it blew my mind. There was a study,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2440.6s	2440.6	 okay, that was just published a few days ago. And it said the following thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2445.0s	2445.0	 Children born during the pandemic have experienced a catastrophic drop in cognitive development
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2452.8s	2452.8	 of 22 IQ points. Yeah, and when you look at it, the people that were the most affected were male
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2461.2s	2461.2	 children and children of lower socioeconomic families. But everybody was affected. Yet you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2467.9s	2467.9	 see the amount of money that we're spending already. So adding more money to something is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2473.9s	2473.9	 not going to make it better if what we're spending today is basically just getting flushed on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2477.8s	2477.8	 toilet. And these are the kinds of things that really matter. How do you allow an entire generation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2484.1s	2484.1	 of kids to see to suffer? By the way, what does that show? That means that teachers actually are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2490.6s	2490.6	 unbelievably important. So number one, they should get paid a lot more. Okay, let's just put it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2494.1s	2494.1	 There should be more of them in smaller class sizes. Exactly. But if you if you have, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2498.3s	2498.3	 these completely screwed up incentives between, you know, the organizations, the unions that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2503.3s	2503.3	 represent these teachers, and then the parents who have completely different incentives. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2507.6s	2507.6	 they basically fight to never be in classroom and to not really teach this is the measurable outcome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2512.6s	2512.6	 Yeah, the IQ of our children. I mean, we are ability their executive function, their scores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2519.4s	2519.4	 are going down. How do they recover from that? Be a lot of tutoring. It's gonna be a lot of summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2524.6s	2524.6	 school. Yeah, I mean, zoom's not gonna do it. I don't think more fortnight and roadblocks fixes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2529.2s	2529.2	 this problem. No, definitely not. And I feel terrible because like, you know, as a parent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2534.4s	2534.4	 that's that was my solution. Right? I was struggling with the zooms, like every other parent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2539.1s	2539.1	 And then in the evenings, I was just so burnt and just feeling so beside myself in the middle of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2543.6s	2543.6	 the pandemic. Whereas I had a no iPad rule for my kids. I broke down. Yep. You know, everybody did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2550.4s	2550.4	 I mean, it's like you're home with your kids all day long. It's not how it's supposed to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2554.7s	2554.7	 And so the point is, like, this is where the government should step in and actually say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2558.0s	2558.0	 Okay, here, let me take leadership on this topic. Right? And talk to the unions, fix whatever needs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2563.8s	2563.8	 to be fixed, amp up the money into charter schools, do whatever you need to do. But please fix the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2569.4s	2569.4	 problem. But randomly spending money to try to buy votes. I think people see through that it just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2575.5s	2575.5	 doesn't work. And related to that Omnicron is spreading like crazy. New York City Omnicron,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2581.6s	2581.6	 Omnicron. Omnicron. There is no N. Omicron. Omicron. Omicron. Yes, I'll learn how to pronounce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2590.2s	2590.2	 it when it's gone. Omicron. Omicron is spreading like crazy. In New York City and in the UK,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2597.8s	2597.8	 amongst other places, the NBA and the NFL are seeing surges. I've had a ton of people I know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2602.6s	2602.6	 test positive this week. You guys had that? Family, friends? Crazy. No, no, it's insane.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2608.3s	2608.3	 People are I know so many people that's about city East Coast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2612.2s	2612.2	 Related Yeah, and a lot of people that don't have any symptoms. So here's the chart of cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2617.7s	2617.7	 cases spiking, but hospitalizations and deaths are flat or going down in places where these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2623.7s	2623.7	 outbreaks are occurring. The UK charts are even stalker. There's a lot of anecdotal evidence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2628.0s	2628.0	 everybody on tik tok and Instagram and Twitter, young people in New York who went to Santa Con
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2632.9s	2632.9	 are saying they all got it. But if you look at this, what is Santa Con?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2636.8s	2636.8	 Santa Con is the worst holiday of the year. It's a time when a bunch of young people dress as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2642.9s	2642.9	 Santa Claus and get drunk. And you have 10,000 people. It's a bar crawl. Do you see this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2651.7s	2651.7	 You see how you see how Monty's wearing his Santa Claus. That's what goes on everyone wears their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2657.5s	2657.5	 little Santa outfit and they go bar crawling. So it's not sexy Santa. Well, actually, I have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2662.9s	2662.9	 a story about that. I was in San Francisco. You were sexy Santa? No, I literally took my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2669.9s	2669.9	 daughters out for pizza. Tony's in North Beach. And, you know, I got my three daughters and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2677.6s	2677.6	 there's all these people walking around like, Look, dad, it's Santa Claus, like a lot of them. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2681.2s	2681.2	 there's 1000 Santa Claus descend on North Beach. And I turn around and I kid you not, there are two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2688.1s	2688.1	 old guys. I'm talking 70 years old. And they're wearing a baseball Santa hat. Santa boots.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2697.7s	2697.7	 And nothing in between. Literally. Fuck naked in on the street. So yeah, bro, you're you're so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2707.1s	2707.1	 you're so demented. Okay, you're like this like, like anki perv. Like every time I get those text
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2712.2s	2712.2	 messages, I don't know what to think. Did you guys click on the Twitter link with Jason was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2716.7s	2716.7	 guys search for the Folsom Street Fair on Twitter. I can't I can't unsee what I saw.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2722.2s	2722.2	 I was like, why is street 20 trending? I was like, I thought there was a terrorist attack.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2727.8s	2727.8	 Bro, that was so brutal. You should send that shit around. Like, it's so brutal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2733.1s	2733.1	 I was like, don't click on false. I was like, Oh, this is a Twitter link. What is it about web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2736.4s	2736.4	 three point out? Not exactly. The Folsom Street Fair. I'm going to go ahead and say don't search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2742.3s	2742.3	 for that. If you have kids around, it's a little bit intense. But anyway, the Santa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2747.2s	2747.2	 com was on Saturday, December 11. And so here we are five days late, you know, four or five days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2752.2s	2752.2	 later, and the stuff hitting if that's true, it almost perfectly mirrors the original outbreak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2756.9s	2756.9	 after St. Patty's Day in March 2020. And if you look on social media, all the city MD lines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2764.0s	2764.0	 where people get tested are around the block. And 30 NBA players have entered the COVID protocol in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2770.2s	2770.2	 the last two weeks, about 7% of the league and we had a big question mark of would this be less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2775.7s	2775.7	 more contagious? It obviously is check less deadly. It apparently some studies show as much as 40
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2781.5s	2781.5	 times more infectious than Delta, highly contagious, extreme very much airborne. It's going everywhere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2790.8s	2790.8	 Like I said last time, if it does end up having low severity and low hospitalization rate and low
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2797.4s	2797.4	 death rate for vaccinated or vaccinated plus boosted populations, this could end up being a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2802.7s	2802.7	 massive immunizing event, meaning like a lot of people will develop new antibodies and resistance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2807.0s	2807.0	 and you know, that could be a net good thing. But it's certainly the case that this is not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2812.6s	2812.6	 one strain one shot and done pandemic. This is an endemic kind of circumstance. We're going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2818.2s	2818.2	 in this for a while. And you know, the circumstances are one that may kind of require, you know, an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2823.9s	2823.9	 adaptation in terms of how we live and operate. And especially as it relates to things that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2827.8s	2827.8	 so important like keeping businesses open in schools. You know, I think we're going to use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2832.9s	2832.9	 recent memory to guide future decision making or at least politicians and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2838.9s	2838.9	 you know, kind of lawmakers will and they'll say, Hey, this is what we did last time this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2842.7s	2842.7	 happened. And we just saw this in California where they're like last time, like we told everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2846.4s	2846.4	 going to lockdown or wear masks indoors again, and we're seeing that behavior again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2850.3s	2850.3	 Certainly, it may have an impact in terms of the spread, but this is highly contagious and it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2855.1s	2855.1	 going to spread everywhere. And I think there's just some adaptation that maybe is going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2861.3s	2861.3	 needed here over the long run. There's no end there's no end in sight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2864.4s	2864.4	 There's no end in sight, but it is less deadly. And so it could be mass immunizing and that has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2870.7s	2870.7	 led people to think of this herd immunity potentially if there's not another variant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2874.5s	2874.5	 Saks, if the NBA and the NFL are learning to live with COVID, and obviously when we were in Miami,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2880.1s	2880.1	 there's no COVID and Austin, there's no COVID. Yeah, is everybody now just go because it seems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2885.1s	2885.1	 like the politicians now, whether it's in Europe, we're seeing the protests, and I think we'll see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2889.5s	2889.5	 them here in the United States if this keeps up. Australia obviously having protests as well. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2894.5s	2894.5	 public has decided I think, we're willing to have 1000 people die a day or a certain number of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2899.0s	2899.0	 people die today to get back to normal. So what do you think the end game here is going into 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2905.9s	2905.9	 I'll make a prediction for 2022. Okay, I will predict that even the blue areas of the country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2912.4s	2912.4	 are going to have fatigue with all these COVID restrictions. And so even the blue state governors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2918.6s	2918.6	 who are addicted to their state of emergencies and their restrictions and lockdowns and closures and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2924.2s	2924.2	 mask mandates, even they are going to have to give them up in 2022 because the country is sick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2930.3s	2930.3	 and tired of this. Peter Pham had a really good tweet just the other day, maybe you guys can dig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2935.0s	2935.0	 it up, where he had a friend visit him from Texas. And they've been living normally there since like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2940.3s	2940.3	 July of 2020, roughly kids in school, occasionally someone gets sick, but they've been living
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2945.8s	2945.8	 normally, okay, it's a managerial problem. And he couldn't believe Peter's friend could not believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2951.2s	2951.2	 how they're living in LA, where still everyone's living in fear. We now have a new one month indoor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2957.4s	2957.4	 mask mandate, thanks to, you know, Governor Newsom, who still is ruling the state of emergency,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2964.2s	2964.2	 what good is that going to do? So I think, you know, but I think that some of these blue areas,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2969.5s	2969.5	 people are so petrified still, of the virus. And I think it's just because of, they're the ones who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2977.1s	2977.1	 have been ingesting all this fear porn coming from the media. And but I think it's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2982.3s	2982.3	 break, I think the finally this hysteria and panic will break, it'll crest over the blue parts of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2988.1s	2988.1	 country in 2022. They're already back to normal in the red parts. And especially Omicron, you can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=2994.6s	2994.6	 stop this. Okay, I think that's the salient point here. Nothing works. You're all going to get it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3000.6s	3000.6	 Look, the little stupid vax card that you have to show everywhere to get like popcorn at a movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3005.8s	3005.8	 theater, like, you know, in San Francisco, doesn't do anything because vaccinated people can spread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3009.8s	3009.8	 it too. So that doesn't do anything. And the mass main day doesn't do anything. You know, and so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3017.1s	3017.1	 none of this stuff does anything except getting a vaccine reduces the severity of the illness.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3023.2s	3023.2	 And losing weight. And we can't have that conversation. Those consequences are mainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3027.3s	3027.3	 on the person who decides to do it. We have to say is we just have to tell everybody, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3031.7s	3031.7	 listen, lose weight, get in shape, eat healthy, get vaccinated, get back to life. That's it. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3037.3s	3037.3	 the best you can do. I'm I believe everybody's gonna get it. We're starting to see like a real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3042.4s	3042.4	 divergence in American life where, and I think Omicron, if we have lockdowns under Omicron,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3047.9s	3047.9	 and really the big issue is school closures. If we go back to school closures and blue states,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3053.2s	3053.2	 have more of the learning loss that Jamoth was talking about, and I bet we do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3057.6s	3057.6	 Whereas in red states, they're still out there learning normally, and they're dealing with it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3061.6s	3061.6	 just like they deal with the outbreak of a flu season or cold season, but they, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3066.4s	3066.4	 they're just managing it. We're gonna, there's gonna be, we're gonna be living in two different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3069.9s	3069.9	 Americas. But I, but I don't believe this is sustainable. I think eventually these governors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3075.2s	3075.2	 who are holding on to their power and their restrictions are gonna lose in 2022. The ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3081.4s	3081.4	 who haven't given it up are gonna, are gonna basically fall to a red wave in November 22. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3087.3s	3087.3	 think Newsa might be the only one left standing. Have any schools closed? I see everybody's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3091.3s	3091.3	 canceling their Christmas parties. JP Morgan canceled that. We're close. We're close.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3096.0s	3096.0	 Every Christmas party has been getting canceled. And I wonder if schools, I mean, teachers' unions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3102.2s	3102.2	 they gotta be having a meeting right now. They don't even, the teachers' unions don't even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3105.6s	3105.6	 acknowledge that learning loss exists. I mean, this is why I decided to homeschool for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3111.1s	3111.1	 year of the pandemic. And I kept my homeschool teacher for, you know, a couple of hours a day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3115.4s	3115.4	 And my kids have done wonderfully. And it's great to have the ability to afford to be able to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3120.2s	3120.2	 that. But not everybody can have an afterschool tutor. Let me uplevel this for a second. Okay. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3125.1s	3125.1	 maybe I'm spilling the beans on one of my predictions I'll make at the predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3127.9s	3127.9	 episode we do. But first we had COVID, okay. Then we had the overreaction to COVID, both politically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3133.8s	3133.8	 and economically. Economically, we pumped 10 trillion plus of spending and monetary and QE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3141.2s	3141.2	 and all this sort of stuff. Politically, we had these restrictions, school closures, lockdowns,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3147.4s	3147.4	 mandates, okay. I think we're about to enter a new phase, which is the correction to the overreaction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3153.8s	3153.8	 And I think we're already in the correction. So the market's been correcting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3156.8s	3156.8	 growth stocks been correcting for the last five or six weeks. I now think that there was a bit of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3162.8s	3162.8	 a political correction with Yonkin winning in Virginia. Remember that state swung 10 points
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3168.2s	3168.2	 relative to a year ago. And I think you'll see a further correction, both political and economic,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3172.8s	3172.8	 in 2022. So we may not be completely past COVID, but I think we are going to be past this sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3180.5s	3180.5	 overreaction to COVID. What do you guys think about succession? Oh, no, I haven't seen it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3188.3s	3188.3	 Jeremy Strong, Jeremy Strong. Let's talk about the Jeremy Strong thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3191.0s	3191.0	 Jeremy Strong. Okay, Jeremy Strong is a weirdo, according to a New Yorker profile. And there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3197.0s	3197.0	 been a huge response to it. This profile came out. Kendall, Kendall Roy on success and Roy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3202.3s	3202.3	 who is woke and dumb and ineffective as an executive. And obviously, the show is modeled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3210.7s	3210.7	 after Rupert Murdoch and Fox and the kids there who are not dopey actually, in the article,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3215.8s	3215.8	 it hinted that most of the sessions coworkers dislike him due to his intensity and methane acted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3221.4s	3221.4	 and met method acting rituals. He won't rehearse with anybody. He's in character all the time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3226.8s	3226.8	 like Daniel Day Lewis, he won't get makeup whenever anybody else does because he doesn't want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3230.8s	3230.8	 reduce the energy in the buildup. The article notes there is a fine line that strong walks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3237.3s	3237.3	 between being a legendary method actor and just a complete the awesome networker. Wait,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3243.9s	3243.9	 can I tell you why this story was interesting to me and why I sent this to you guys?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3247.4s	3247.4	 Yeah. Okay, so here's a guy who in many ways is a virtuoso. And the reason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3255.4s	3255.4	 you mean, he's a really good actor because I despise Kendall Roy on that show. And I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3259.9s	3259.9	 wondering, like, is this guy just a terrible actor? Is he such a good actor that I hate them?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3264.3s	3264.3	 Yes. I hate him. And that's why I was attracted to this article and in it or after it. So basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3269.4s	3269.4	 what happens is, he's a virtuoso just I'll come back to him in a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3274.7s	3274.7	 These people at the New Yorker who I guess are just jealous or want to right click bait,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3279.5s	3279.5	 try to destroy this guy. But what they didn't factor is that when they publish this article,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3285.9s	3285.9	 all these other actors would come to his defense and do it really publicly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3290.2s	3290.2	 Yes, and Hathaway and Jessica Chastain, Aaron Sorkin wrote a letter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3295.8s	3295.8	 Exactly that Jessica Chastain published to Twitter because Aaron Aaron Sorkin doesn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3300.7s	3300.7	 access to social media by design. And in all of it, they said this is the most incredible person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3306.5s	3306.5	 we've seen Aaron Sorkin says this guy is as good as Dustin Hoffman, which is like that's as good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3311.8s	3311.8	 as it gets. So why was it interesting to me? It's you have these people who are grinding,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3318.2s	3318.2	 and trying to perfect their craft via virtuoso you talked about Steph Curry grinding try to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3322.5s	3322.5	 perfect his craft, just a little Steph Curry story as a tangent. He brought in this team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3328.1s	3328.1	 where they basically started to map out all of the circumferences of the ring of the of the net.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3334.6s	3334.6	 And he practiced this summer, literally trying to get it perfectly in to create this very specific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3339.9s	3339.9	 kind of swish. And he just kept shooting and shooting and shooting and shooting not you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3344.7s	3344.7	 all the time, but every day for some number of shots, trying to get the ball perfectly into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3348.9s	3348.9	 the basket. That is a level of perfectionism. And it that's being a virtuoso that none of us can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3355.0s	3355.0	 really appreciate. But you see the output and we all love it is already the goat and he's trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3360.0s	3360.0	 to outdo himself. Here's a different guy in a completely different theater, in this case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3364.9s	3364.9	 acting, trying to also be really legendary and putting himself through all kinds of stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3371.0s	3371.0	 and still not lose himself in it. Okay, so much so that all of these other people are really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3375.3s	3375.3	 appreciate how amazing he is. And to me, what I don't like is that then these critics,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3381.0s	3381.0	 who don't do anything, who've never accomplished anything at all in their lives,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3386.6s	3386.6	 feel judgment, feel so triggered that they have to judge him. It's one thing to not have that skill,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3391.7s	3391.7	 I'll never be as good of an actor as Jeremy Strong, I'll never be as good of a basketball player as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3395.6s	3395.6	 Steph. But I don't hate these people for that. I'm so happy that people like this exists. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3401.6s	3401.6	 there's a strain of people that exist. And then you also have a platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3407.2s	3407.2	 Yeah, I was about to connect the dots for you is like, look at, yeah, look at how the politicians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3412.4s	3412.4	 feel the same way about private market politicians, social media, try to destroy people. Yeah. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3417.4s	3417.4	 instead, what these people do is they take a shortcut. They're the critics. They're not in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3422.0s	3422.0	 the arena. Okay, the folks in the arena are booking wins and losses constantly. But you have this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3428.7s	3428.7	 you have this strain of impotent critic that doesn't actually know how to do for themselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3436.4s	3436.4	 And they somehow have a platform. And then what they end up doing is cutting corners,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3441.4s	3441.4	 and then some subset of those start to cheat. Q David.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3445.4s	3445.4	 Well, yeah, it's a story that Congress back in 2012 passed a bill called the Stock Act to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3450.7s	3450.7	 prohibit members of Congress from trading on their insider knowledge based on, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3457.3s	3457.3	 based on legislative actions are about to take. And it's been widely flouted by dozens of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3464.5s	3464.5	 you know, representatives and senators. And the problem is, there's no punishment at something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3468.8s	3468.8	 like a $200 fine or something like that that gets waived in most of these cases. So it's completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3474.6s	3474.6	 hypocritical because these are the these politicians like Senator Karen, they're constantly demonizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3480.6s	3480.6	 and attacking other people to make themselves look better. And then here they are, they've got dirty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3485.0s	3485.0	 hands. And they asked Pelosi, they said to Pelosi, Well, don't you think that members of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3490.1s	3490.1	 Congress should be prohibited from trading stocks, right? Because their actions have such a huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3494.8s	3494.8	 consequence on them. And Pelosi said, No, it's a it's a free market. It's a free market, we should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3499.0s	3499.0	 be free to to do that. It's like, huh, you know, I don't remember that being a defense every time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3504.2s	3504.2	 you've wanted to regulate some, you know, industry that they doesn't the president have to divest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3512.1s	3512.1	 when they take the presidential office? Isn't that a thing? Or they put they put their assets in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3516.4s	3516.4	 blind trust. Yeah, so they're blind. So why would senators Congress totally people be any different?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3523.2s	3523.2	 It's absurd that elected officials should be able to engage in insider trading. It makes no sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3528.0s	3528.0	 The Fed actually had this issue as well. Two, two folks on the Federal Reserve Board resigned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3534.3s	3534.3	 And then Powell issued a whole bunch of I think new laws tried or regulations inside the Fed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3539.9s	3539.9	 try to fix it. And the same issue occurs with federal judges. And there are federal judges that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3545.4s	3545.4	 are consistently trading in the equities of the companies that are in front of them. And so how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3551.6s	3551.6	 can you how can you adjudicate a case there was one judge that had 130 plus conflicts trading conflicts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3559.5s	3559.5	 130 plus and he is the one that's there where AT&T or Facebook or Google has an issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3565.7s	3565.7	 I mean, how can you actually assume that these folks are being impartial if that's the case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3570.4s	3570.4	 and there are no consequences for this. And yet, you know, if you're again going back to where we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3574.7s	3574.7	 started, somebody in the arena trying to do something, you just got to think yourself like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3580.6s	3580.6	 you have critics that are bashing you, you have folks that are basically flouting the law because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3584.6s	3584.6	 they can. And then you put these two together. And it's like this is so it's kind of depressing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3590.0s	3590.0	 to be honest with you, if you start to lose a little bit of faith in the system.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3593.4s	3593.4	 Let's be honest. I mean, these politicians are grifters. That's it. And full stop. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3598.6s	3598.6	 they're just grifting. And I mean, except for apparently except for Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3604.7s	3604.7	 Warren, they should just buy the companies they hate. Why aren't they buying Amazon and Tesla,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3608.5s	3608.5	 they would be total proponents of Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk if they did. Yeah, in fairness to Warren,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3613.5s	3613.5	 I've seen her tweet that she supports the banning of the insider trading by congressional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3617.1s	3617.1	 presenters, but I don't exactly see her fighting for it. You know, as hard as she's announcing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3621.0s	3621.0	 people like Elon. So look, I mean, it's it's characteristic of elected officials that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3628.9s	3628.9	 what is it they see the splinter, you know, in somebody, you know, in somebody else's eye,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3634.2s	3634.2	 but not the the log in their own or something like that, isn't that the expression? But you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3638.7s	3638.7	 who's taking advantage of this issue is Blake Masters, who's running for the Senate in Arizona
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3643.5s	3643.5	 just tweeted about that this would be the first thing he would fix if he gets elected, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3648.4s	3648.4	 to ban insider trading by elected officials. And I think it's remarkable that, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3654.5s	3654.5	 politicians as true to Nancy Pelosi are just seeding this issue to Republicans. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3659.2s	3659.2	 I don't know why Republicans wouldn't make this a major plank of their platform for 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3664.8s	3664.8	 Nancy Pelosi is I think the third or fourth richest person in Congress. Her husband is a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3669.8s	3669.8	 sophisticated private equity investor. There are these meme stocks that follow Nancy Pelosi stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3676.6s	3676.6	 trading account or pretend to that were, you know, recently, by the way, banned by Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3681.2s	3681.2	 right? Yeah, that was weird. Yeah, protecting her protecting her effectively. So, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3687.0s	3687.0	 she has an incentive to not her seat of power is not necessarily the salary that she earns by being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3693.3s	3693.3	 house leader. But it's by translating that in a bunch of different ways. And one way apparently,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3697.8s	3697.8	 it turns out, is being an active equity investor in the market. It's unbelievable. That's allowed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3703.0s	3703.0	 I don't know how this isn't just like an A plus fantastic issue for Republicans,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3708.5s	3708.5	 they should make it an absolute plank of their platform. Here we go. Florida Republican Brian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3712.6s	3712.6	 Mast was late in disclosure, disclosing purchase of up to 100,000 in stock in an aerospace company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3719.1s	3719.1	 which had just testified before a committee he sets Kentucky Republican Rand Paul was 16 months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3724.4s	3724.4	 late disclosing that he bought his wife bought stock in a pharma company that manufactures an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3729.4s	3729.4	 anti viral COVID-19 treatment, right? Nevada Democrat Suzy Lee failed to probably disclose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3734.6s	3734.6	 more than 200 trades. Yeah, just as much as 3 million. I mean, this is just to be clear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3739.8s	3739.8	 the violations have been on both sides of the aisle. I'm not at all trying to say that Republicans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3744.8s	3744.8	 are better on this than Democrats. However, this is good bipartisan cooperation. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3750.3s	3750.3	 I mean, it's ridiculous. This is the political class in Washington, bad behavior. But but but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3755.0s	3755.0	 the difference is this, which is that Pelosi, the only leader of a party I've heard defend this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3761.5s	3761.5	 Pelosi. And I think this is a fantastic issue for outsider candidates, really on both sides to run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3767.6s	3767.6	 on. This is also something that Biden can take because Biden has never tried to do this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3772.3s	3772.3	 Oh, my God, Biden's got so many shady dealings and contracts. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3777.0s	3777.0	 selling paintings to China. Rich Biden's out there. Apparently, he's got a rich brother. He's got a,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3781.8s	3781.8	 you know, paid a lot of money. No, maybe that's true. But Joe Biden has been really down the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3787.0s	3787.0	 middle. Come on, be fair. Hunter is brilliant. I mean, he's selling paintings. Yeah, but why are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3791.4s	3791.4	 they buying 100 Biden paintings for 500,000? dollars? Well, I mean, he's a great artist. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3797.0s	3797.0	 mean, why are people buy? I don't know if you saw Melania is coming out with NFTs today. So she's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3802.4s	3802.4	 okay. Everybody's securing the bag now. I mean, if and by the way, the presidential grift is always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3808.8s	3808.8	 the best. Just as a case in point. Trump's SPAC is worth over 2 billion. And BuzzFeed, which makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3816.9s	3816.9	 360 million a year and I think has 102 million cash. He's not an office. He's not an office.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3821.8s	3821.8	 That's misstated. Jason Trump's back his shares that he's going to be receiving are worth close
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3826.2s	3826.2	 to 20 billion. 20 billion, but he's on an office anymore. So I'm not sure the shares he's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3832.8s	3832.8	 receive. Oh, yeah, what you're counting is the market cap of the cash and trust, the value of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3839.5s	3839.5	 the shares that are already public. The Trump the value of the Trump entity is going to be closer to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3844.4s	3844.4	 20 billion. Oh, is that right? Wow, that's even crazier with no revenue. These poor media. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3849.7s	3849.7	 the SEC apparently the DOJ sent a bunch of inquiries on this asking for background on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3854.2s	3854.2	 transaction. Because there's no business, there's no contracts, there's no employees. It's just a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3860.0s	3860.0	 whole but by the way, idea, just to make sure that everybody understands this isn't this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3864.6s	3864.6	 a bipartisan thing as well. The ultimate bag secures the Obamas got, I think, 50 million plus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3873.4s	3873.4	 each for their book deals. And they got supposedly high eight figures like 50 6070 $80 million from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3879.6s	3879.6	 Netflix. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. When you said when you call them bag secures,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3883.0s	3883.0	 I was really triggered there for a second. So am I supposed to take that offensively that you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3886.4s	3886.4	 saying Michelle Obama and Barack Obama secured the bag secured the bag is a term for getting the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3891.4s	3891.4	 money. The Obama's are doing it. Okay, so it's just did it. And it's a thing. It's a thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3897.4s	3897.4	 Secure the bad Jason, we're not against everybody not be able to make money. The issue is trading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3905.0s	3905.0	 on your office in a way that where you are trading on your insider information that your office has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3912.2s	3912.2	 given you sure but I mean, if you're selling influence, if you sell a book, call us again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3916.7s	3916.7	 if you sell a book when you're out of office, is that really a problem? Is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3920.3s	3920.3	 what I wanted to point out the Netflix one? What was Netflix's existential crisis for the eight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3925.3s	3925.3	 years of one was in office? Anybody remember? Nobody remembers? Net neutral cares? Could they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3932.6s	3932.6	 get would they have to pay Verizon? What was the Obama's position on net neutrality? They were for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3938.5s	3938.5	 net neutrality. Netflix stock went up 4050 x under Obama, it could all be a coincidence. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3944.5s	3944.5	 just saying, what the fuck? So you're saying it's like you're saying it's a disguised lobbying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3948.6s	3948.6	 payment to Obama. I think it's like, are you serious? I think it's like, I mean, listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3955.7s	3955.7	 the Clintons were doing speaking kids for Goldman Sachs and half a million dollars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3959.4s	3959.4	 Kind of my cue to go to dinner now. Okay, here's the MRI. And then, you know, the main way that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3964.2s	3964.2	 Winston Churchill supported himself was writing books, I think it's okay for politicians to write
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3968.8s	3968.8	 books. And if, because ultimately, the public buys them, and that's how they make money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3972.1s	3972.1	 What about when the book is 50 million in the normal price for B 10? That's the problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3976.3s	3976.3	 Well, I mean, if I guess you might have a point if the advance was so in excess of the expected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3981.2s	3981.2	 sales that it raises a question of what the motive is for the payment. But I don't but is that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3986.4s	3986.4	 that what happened? Is nobody gets paid a $50 million events? Nobody gets an eight figure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3989.8s	3989.8	 deal? Who's never made a documentary before? No, I mean, if this book sold 5 million copies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=3996.0s	3996.0	 it still wouldn't be worth it. Let's move on to mRNA. So we keep our freed, free bird factor high.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4002.3s	4002.3	 I'm so ready to go to dinner. Rick Thompson gave me a wonderful bottle of wine, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4006.2s	4006.2	 I'm going to go drink it tonight. I'm super tilted that you're like, it's like, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4011.0s	4011.0	 what I criticize the Obamas. Yeah, I can't do with you. No fly zone for you. Super tilted. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4017.9s	4017.9	 this is worse than sweater Karen. What What about the Clintons? Can I can I go after their 500
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4024.2s	4024.2	 days speaking gigs for moment snacks? Yeah, that's okay. Yeah. Okay, fine. Just don't touch the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4028.8s	4028.8	 Obamas. But I mean, Jason, are you are you doing exactly what Senator Karen did to Elon, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4035.7s	4035.7	 by virtue of the fact that they're making money that you are now imputing evil motives to it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4040.7s	4040.7	 No, it's just a disproportionate to what they should get by your assessment. Their assessment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4044.3s	4044.3	 the same about Elon. I pay a lot of money for Michelle Obama to do much of any I think she's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4048.7s	4048.7	 just a figure for somebody who's never made a film on for Netflix. You said the same thing about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4054.6s	4054.6	 Rivian. I don't know, man. You're projecting a little bit. I totally agree. This is on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4058.7s	4058.7	 second floor. I jump out the window right now. Yeah, you let winners be winners. I think we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4064.6s	4064.6	 should differentiate between insider trading. Sure bad and should not be allowed influence peddling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4069.8s	4069.8	 bad should not be allowed. And somebody out of office making money. No, no, no, not monetizing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4076.0s	4076.0	 their influence. And if they did that, that's getting paid for services, getting paid to sell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4080.9s	4080.9	 tickets or books. That's if that's fine. It's fine. It's totally disproportionate to the reality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4085.7s	4085.7	 Let's put it in. I agree. No, no, no, no, Jason, say you like the Obamas or I would vote Obama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4095.2s	4095.2	 in for a third term. Okay, didn't you get paid a $50,000 speaking fee recently to speak at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4099.4s	4099.4	 conference? He did overpaid overpaid overpaid overpaid. You're worth $8.00.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4108.2s	4108.2	 You're worth like $2,500. Who are you trying to influence? Who are they paying you to influence?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4114.0s	4114.0	 J. Cal. I mean, honestly, J. Cal, I have no influence. Jason, Jason, you're like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4118.5s	4118.5	 like 30% less than a high end escort. Okay, no offense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4121.9s	4121.9	 Oh, man, that's a center. I don't know. There's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4129.4s	4129.4	 what's 30% more than 50. You're saying it's like 80 grand. And that's got our 60 70 grand. I didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4135.0s	4135.0	 realize that. All right, talk to us about the mRNA news for cancer fever that came out this past week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4142.9s	4142.9	 So I think the article that you guys sent around was one related to an oncology treatment that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4147.8s	4147.8	 uses mRNA tech. But I think it's what I wanted to kind of what I thought would be interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4152.1s	4152.1	 to talk about for a second is just zooming out on mRNA technology as a whole, which, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4158.3s	4158.3	 has been theorized for, you know, the the potential of it's been talked about for 50 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4163.9s	4163.9	 If we talk about real quick, what what RNA is, remember your DNA, your genetic code,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4169.8s	4169.8	 you know, defines the the printing of proteins in your cells. And so every three letters of DNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4178.6s	4178.6	 is an amino acid, a bunch of amino acids in a, in a row form a protein, and that protein has some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4184.2s	4184.2	 function in your body. The way that the DNA gets translated into protein is through these mRNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4189.3s	4189.3	 snippets. So a little snippet of RNA is a copy of DNA, which floats over from the DNA strand and it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4197.4s	4197.4	 floats into what's called the ribosome and the ribosomes the protein printer in the cell. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4201.6s	4201.6	 there's lots of ribosomes and there's lots of RNA floating around all the time and it's being copied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4205.8s	4205.8	 over. So some chemical triggers the expression of that gene of that sequence of DNA into RNA,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4213.0s	4213.0	 that then turns into protein. And so chemical induces the protein, then the protein does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4217.2s	4217.2	 something interesting. And the protein has a function in your body. And some of those proteins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4221.8s	4221.8	 in human body can, you know, do bad things and some of them can do good things. And so the idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4226.8s	4226.8	 has always been that we can actually use proteins as a way to modulate our health and modulate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4231.4s	4231.4	 disease. For example, creating a protein that can attach to cancer cells and signal immune cells to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4237.6s	4237.6	 come and kill those cancer cells as an example. And some people have genetic problems where their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4242.7s	4242.7	 DNA prints the wrong protein. And then that protein is malformed or causes some harm to your health.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4248.7s	4248.7	 And so the idea for RNA technology has always been that instead of having DNA be the source of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4254.9s	4254.9	 truth for the proteins that get expressed in your body, can we stick RNA directly into cells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4261.0s	4261.0	 and use that RNA to trigger the production of proteins that can do specific things in your body?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4266.7s	4266.7	 And remember, the biggest segment of the pharma market or a huge segment of the pharma market is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4270.3s	4270.3	 what's called biologic drugs, which are largely antibodies, which are a type of protein that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4274.6s	4274.6	 some specific function. But very many of these proteins are hard to get into the body and get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4279.9s	4279.9	 them into the right place and get them to do the things we want them to do. So it would be a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4283.3s	4283.3	 easier if we could get RNA into the right cells to get those cells to make the right protein to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4288.6s	4288.6	 that thing that we want them to do. So everything from cancer treatment to genetic diseases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4294.3s	4294.3	 and there's RNA interference and there's RNA or what are called oligonucleotides that can be used
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4301.5s	4301.5	 to block specific bad proteins from being produced in your cells. Or it's another course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4307.6s	4307.6	 of treatment. So making proteins that we think are therapeutic and blocking the production of bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4311.8s	4311.8	 proteins are the mainstay of this idea behind RNA technology. And Moderna was started to pursue this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4317.9s	4317.9	 effort at a flagship pioneering, which is an incubation shop in Boston. And they really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4323.8s	4323.8	 struggled for years to find the right footing of what's the right business model and the right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4327.3s	4327.3	 product and the FDA struggled with approving this stuff. And then boom, COVID hit. And when COVID hit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4332.9s	4332.9	 it was like, holy crap, let's accelerate this RNA technology, use it for vaccines, which had been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4337.1s	4337.1	 in development for years. And the protein that's being produced is the same protein you find on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4341.2s	4341.2	 the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which triggers an immune response and builds up your immunity to that virus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4346.6s	4346.6	 And now the floodgates are open. And this is incredible because the frontiers in RNA over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4351.4s	4351.4	 the next decade could change the course of how we treat disease and change the course of outcomes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4359.4s	4359.4	 for many diseases from genetic diseases all the way through to cancers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4363.8s	4363.8	 And so we're starting to see those floodgates open. I think there's now a few, a handful of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4370.0s	4370.0	 RNA interference products that have been approved by the FDA. And we're now starting to see many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4374.9s	4374.9	 more of these cancer and immunotherapy drugs start to get approved as RNA therapies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4380.0s	4380.0	 But it really, I think, was lit by the breakthrough with COVID and everyone seeing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4385.9s	4385.9	 the benefit of this and the lack of side effects. And we've now got, I think, a validation in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4390.7s	4390.7	 market and acceptance from consumers that this technology could transform the industry in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4395.3s	4395.3	 same way that Genentech transformed the pharma industry with biologic drugs in the 80s and 90s.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4401.3s	4401.3	 So it's super exciting. And we can do updates regularly on our show if you guys want to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4407.0s	4407.0	 about more of the cool stuff that's coming out. But man, this is going to transform how medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4411.0s	4411.0	 is delivered and the potential of things that we can kind of treat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4414.1s	4414.1	 Let me ask you a question. Would the, if we looked at the total number of deaths from COVID,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4419.8s	4419.8	 and then the potential deaths, you know, deaths avoided or early deaths or more life days added,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4424.4s	4424.4	 however you want to do it, from mRNA and the impact on cancer over the next, say, 30, 40 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4431.0s	4431.0	 in other words, the impact it would have on the people living today who live through COVID.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4434.6s	4434.6	 Do you think NetNet will see that the prevention of cancers through this new technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4441.0s	4441.0	 could actually make, you know, basically the silver lining to what happened during COVID?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4447.7s	4447.7	 It's a good question. Let me give you the counterpoint. In the late 90s, there was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4454.4s	4454.4	 gene editing clinical trial that took place. And they tried to, and a patient and they delivered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4460.6s	4460.6	 the gene editing technology via virus. And so the virus goes in, it spreads around, and it has this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4466.5s	4466.5	 molecule that would edit the gene. And it was for genetic disease. And a patient that they gave it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4471.3s	4471.3	 to, a young guy, got this virus and he actually died from it. And they shut down all clinical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4477.0s	4477.0	 trials for years. And it was like, boom, that's the end. So there are a lot of scientists, a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4483.3s	4483.3	 of doctors have argued for years that that particular case caused so many lives to be lost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4489.0s	4489.0	 because we lost years of progress in being able to run clinical trials during that time and get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4493.4s	4493.4	 drugs to market that could treat people. And you're right, maybe the opposite has happened here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4497.7s	4497.7	 that while these clinical trials may have taken years and years and years to get through in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4501.8s	4501.8	 normal setting, perhaps the pandemic was the accelerant we needed to get more of these to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4506.8s	4506.8	 market faster and millions of people whose lives would have been lost or would be lost otherwise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4511.2s	4511.2	 to cancer and other genetic diseases and so on over the years to come will be saved because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4516.2s	4516.2	 these therapies will get to market faster. And so yeah, it's a great point. And maybe I don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4522.2s	4522.2	 what the calculus is between the lives lost in the pandemic versus the lives gained via these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4526.6s	4526.6	 treatments coming to market faster. But it's certainly a good way to think about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4530.2s	4530.2	 The way to look at it, we can look at the days of life lost, right? And if we actually could actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4534.6s	4534.6	 predict how long someone's gonna live and the extension of life, I think we can come out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4538.7s	4538.7	 this ahead. Finally, on our docket, Lyndon Brie calls for better policing in San Francisco after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4544.1s	4544.1	 this insane surge in crime. Here's the video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4547.8s	4547.8	 It's time that the reign of criminals who are destroying our city, it is time for it to come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4554.4s	4554.4	 to an end. And it comes to an end when we take the steps to be more aggressive with law enforcement,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4564.5s	4564.5	 more aggressive with the changes in our policies, and less tolerant of all the bullshit that has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4570.8s	4570.8	 destroyed our city. We are gonna turn this around. This is a city that has a population of less than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4577.4s	4577.4	 1 million people with an over $12 billion budget. The residents of this city have been extremely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4584.6s	4584.6	 generous in providing us with the resources we need to make a difference. And now the priorities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4591.8s	4591.8	 we need to make must be to protect them, must be to turn things around in their neighborhoods.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4598.6s	4598.6	 When you are in a room full of people, I would say probably anywhere between 90 and 95% of folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4605.3s	4605.3	 could raise their hand and say that either their car has been broken into, or they've been a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4610.8s	4610.8	 victim in some capacity or another. That is not okay. That is not acceptable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4616.4s	4616.4	 Sax, I thought crime was down and that everything was great, and that we were going to defund the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4621.4s	4621.4	 police. What is happening here? What's the big turnaround? Well, it's exactly what I was saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4626.0s	4626.0	 that first of all, I loved it. I love what she said. It's exactly what I've been saying for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4630.4s	4630.4	 last year. And it's really great to hear her say the same types of things. I started this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4635.8s	4635.8	 campaign back in January after New Year's Eve. You had those two women get killed by a repeat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4642.6s	4642.6	 offender who was released by Chase Aboudin. And then as I dug into it, I saw that he was doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4647.4s	4647.4	 this all the time as part of his agenda of decarceration. So, and a year later, like we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4653.2s	4653.2	 talked about throughout this whole time, the city is totally degenerated into some sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4658.2s	4658.2	 dystopian Gotham-like city. This did feel like the beginning of a Batman movie. I mean, it was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4663.4s	4663.4	 strong statement. I thought it was great. This is just the beginning of what needs to be done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4667.8s	4667.8	 I predict that London Breed is going to eventually butt heads with Chase Aboudin. There is no way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4674.8s	4674.8	 that he will support this agenda of fixing the city. She wants to increase the police presence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4681.2s	4681.2	 So, like you said, she is going to refund the police, not defund the police. Chase Aboudin is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4687.5s	4687.5	 I mean, the only people he's passionate about prosecuting are police officers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4692.1s	4692.1	 So, we have a huge problem that the police department is actually, we have too few of them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4696.1s	4696.1	 We're understaffed. We take that job. It's not just because of budgets, also because they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4700.9s	4700.9	 demoralized and they've got, you know, they've got this prosecutor. By the way, there was a case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4707.0s	4707.0	 just recently where a repeat offender bashed a vodka ball over the head of a cop and Chase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4715.9s	4715.9	 had just announced that he's getting sent to mental health diversion instead of being prosecuted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4720.0s	4720.0	 I want to post this. What? You can attack a cop and not go to jail in the city of San Francisco.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4726.3s	4726.3	 Yes. This is why the cops are demoralized. So, in order for London Breed to fix the problem,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4731.0s	4731.0	 she is going, and I think she's on the right track here. He's got to go. So, here's my prediction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4736.2s	4736.2	 On February 15th, they are having the recall election for the education board. And I predict
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4743.2s	4743.2	 that that board, at least two of the three are going to be recalled. The parents are sick and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4747.8s	4747.8	 tired of it. They are going to be out. I think that's going to embolden London Breed to then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4752.5s	4752.5	 support the recall of Chase Aboudin in the June election. And I think between-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4758.6s	4758.6	 And she gets to pick his replacement when he's recalled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4760.1s	4760.1	 Yes, exactly. So, that's what she's doing. She basically flipped. She was quiet up until this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4764.8s	4764.8	 point. And now she realizes- The progressive left are slowly eating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4769.2s	4769.2	 themselves. Yeah. I mean, I think this is self-preservation, right? Chamath, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4772.3s	4772.3	 if she didn't make a change here, she's going to be out of office too. She'll get recalled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4775.7s	4775.7	 It's not self-preservation. They're realizing that these policies don't work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4781.0s	4781.0	 Moral absolutism didn't work on the left or the right. These guys have tried, in a small scale,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4787.3s	4787.3	 to do what a certain fraction of the Democratic Party has been trying to do at a national level.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4792.7s	4792.7	 It doesn't work. Overspending, under-policing, under-educating, it doesn't do anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4799.4s	4799.4	 I think there's going to be a schism. I think it started after the Youngkin victory in Virginia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4805.3s	4805.3	 and I think it's going to accelerate for the next year and especially after the red wave in November
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4810.3s	4810.3	 2022. There's going to be a schism between liberal pragmatists and these extreme radical progressives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4817.0s	4817.0	 I think London Breed represents, she's obviously very liberal, but I think she's pragmatic. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4822.4s	4822.4	 she wants to find solutions that work. Whereas Chase Aboudin is a radical ideologue who will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4827.3s	4827.3	 never change, no matter how much evidence is presented to him that policies don't work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4832.9s	4832.9	 I think there's a simple formula. The person who gets you into the mess is likely not the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4837.4s	4837.4	 right person to get you out of the mess. Well said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4842.1s	4842.1	 She talks about San Francisco having a $12 billion a year budget. Can you guys imagine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4847.4s	4847.4	 if she was the CEO of a tech company that had $12 billion a year in OPEC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4852.6s	4852.6	 and she ran the business into the ground, would the board say, go ahead, turn it around?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4858.2s	4858.2	 Absolutely not. The board would step in, and in this case, the board is the citizens of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4862.6s	4862.6	 San Francisco, and they would say, let's find the right person to turn this thing around.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4866.6s	4866.6	 While she stood up and said the right things, and maybe it would echo, and I think even if it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4871.4s	4871.4	 echoes within David Sachs's heart, I'm sure it's echoing in a lot of hearts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4876.1s	4876.1	 more liberal San Franciscans. But I think that the apathy, being asleep at the wheel, and allowing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4883.8s	4883.8	 the disorganization across the departments within that city is ultimately her responsibility.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4892.0s	4892.0	 I don't think that any amount of verbiage or action she might take at this point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4897.7s	4897.7	 justifies the damage she has caused while being the leader of that city.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4903.2s	4903.2	 And by the way, I think you'll see, to Sachs's point earlier, I think you'll see the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4907.8s	4907.8	 response across the nation where folks feel like the leaders that got them into the mess that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4914.2s	4914.2	 they're in locally, in cities and elsewhere around this country, are going to vote those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4919.0s	4919.0	 folks out of office because they want to change. And it's the same reason we saw folks vote Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4924.6s	4924.6	 into office, and the same reason we saw folks vote Trump out of office. The more you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4929.1s	4929.1	 see a change, the more you're going to make a change with your political electorate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4932.2s	4932.2	 So right. Friedberg is so, so right. There is a phenomenal Twitter account. His name is Rob
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4937.8s	4937.8	 Henderson, and he's like a PhD student right now. I think he's in Europe on scholarship.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4943.9s	4943.9	 This guy has an incredible background, which you can talk about later. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4947.9s	4947.9	 Rob Henderson has this thing which I love, which is that a lot of this stuff is born out of what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4953.1s	4953.1	 he calls luxury beliefs, right? Like defunding the police is a luxury belief. If you're like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4959.0s	4959.0	 rich middle class cloistered person that can sit behind a gate, have armed security, yada, yada,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4963.7s	4963.7	 yada, because you're not living in the ghetto where the byproducts of the byproduct of defunding the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4969.9s	4969.9	 police are born out or decarceration are born out. Or, you know, if you send your kid to a private
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4976.0s	4976.0	 school, you can completely be for all these crazy radical ideas like defunding, you know, advanced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4981.4s	4981.4	 placement, defunding the gifted program, because if your kids smart, you'll just pay for a tutor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4986.0s	4986.0	 and you can do whatever you want. Those luxury beliefs exist more in the progressive left
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4992.3s	4992.3	 in such a small cohort of people than in any other political class that we have in America.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=4997.0s	4997.0	 And when they get a hold of power, they've now had the right to show whether those luxury beliefs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5004.7s	5004.7	 can actually work. The data says it doesn't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5008.3s	5008.3	 Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5009.6s	5009.6	 with competence, I mean, how about that, like, just keep people safe and make the education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5014.6s	5014.6	 these luxury beliefs belong in so see a lot sociology textbooks in anthropological articles,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5021.1s	5021.1	 they they're they're better off and like we're beat Nick smoke pot and talk about it over a glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5026.3s	5026.3	 of wine, we clean up something just look, I have no special desire to defend London breed, I'm sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5032.4s	5032.4	 there are many better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5036.4s	5036.4	 I'm sure there are many better people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5037.9s	5037.9	 Are you wearing a London breed brand sweater? Is that London breed?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5043.0s	5043.0	 Tom Ford.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5043.7s	5043.7	 Oh, sorry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5044.6s	5044.6	 Tom Ford, Tom Ford.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5045.8s	5045.8	 Tom Ford, Tom Ford.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5047.1s	5047.1	 Look, I'm sure there are better mayors. But just I think I think we have to sort of temper what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5053.4s	5053.4	 you said based on the realities of politics in San Francisco, which are which are this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5057.5s	5057.5	 we actually have a weak mayor, the mayor can't do anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5060.4s	5060.4	 Yeah, without a vote,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5061.8s	5061.8	 the boat, the board of supervisors, and the soups are controlled right now by a bunch of crazies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5066.4s	5066.4	 what goes basically, Dean Preston and Matty, Hillary, who are who are allies of Chase Abou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5074.2s	5074.2	 Dean. Okay. So London breed, I think wants to do some good things. I think that she is more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5081.6s	5081.6	 pragmatic than these ideologues. I think that she could have been more aggressive and more outspoken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5087.8s	5087.8	 about standing up to them. However, earlier, okay, but I think she is now doing the right thing in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5093.0s	5093.0	 terms of the speech she just gave, basically calling for refunding the police, and we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5097.2s	5097.2	 sick of the bullshit, and we're going to take action. Those are the right things to be saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5100.3s	5100.3	 right now. She did the right thing in terms of supporting the recall of the school board.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5104.9s	5104.9	 And what I'm saying is, let's give her a chance to see if she does come out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5108.5s	5108.5	 100% of the recall of Chase Abou Dean, because I think that's where it's headed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5112.6s	5112.6	 And if she gets on board with that, and she shows she's pragmatic, she may actually survive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5117.6s	5117.6	 fundraiser. If she gets happening all around the country, right, we saw build the Blasio,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5122.9s	5122.9	 who was the first real progressive leftist elected to a major city,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5127.1s	5127.1	 company completely ran New York City into the ground. Now, Eric Adams is going to go clean it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5131.2s	5131.2	 up. Right. We had Glenn Youngkin, who basically ran a centrist campaign takeover, Virginia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5137.0s	5137.0	 It's over. It's over, Johnny, let's call it. It's over. Centrism, pragmatism, enough of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5144.5s	5144.5	 extreme polar opposites. Okay. Right. Let let Antifa and the proud boys go and make love to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5149.6s	5149.6	 each other and some deserted island. It's over. It's done. I heard somebody said to me, like proud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5155.8s	5155.8	 boys. And what's the other group oath keepers or something? This woman who's gay, she's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5165.8s	5165.8	 oh, you know, it was Rachel Maddow. She's like, I think these are like gay activist groups,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5169.6s	5169.6	 aren't they like, proud boys, it sounds like a gay activist group.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5174.4s	5174.4	 I think we're seeing the the correction of the overreaction the pandemic caused what Neil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5179.4s	5179.4	 Ferguson calls pandemic politics that we that the pandemic bred a strain of radical politics that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5186.1s	5186.1	 we saw all over the country. And I think on both sides. And I think the country is going to come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5191.1s	5191.1	 out of that. Did you see these idiots go to Cheesecake Factory and do a sit in without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5196.0s	5196.0	 their masks on? And that's their form of protest is like, we're going to go into the Cheesecake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5200.8s	5200.8	 Factory talking about it was a Cheesecake Factory protest. And now it's going national with people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5207.4s	5207.4	 who are anti mask anti vax, they're don't want to have to show their cards or wear a mask when they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5212.6s	5212.6	 walk to their seat. So they're literally doing sit ins at Cheesecake Factory. I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5216.2s	5216.2	 I would protest going to a Cheesecake Factory. I'm not going to protest in a Cheesecake Factory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5221.4s	5221.4	 Well, some people aren't on a diet like you, Jake, on the enjoy cheesecake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5225.2s	5225.2	 Well, where are you at? What's the number? Just give us the number. What's your weight?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5228.5s	5228.5	 I'm 170. I'm 174. So I'm right. I'm coming right up behind you. You hear the steps you hear the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5233.9s	5233.9	 saxi saxi. I'm going to tell you, bro. I love your sweater. I'm going to drive to the city.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5237.8s	5237.8	 Come to the mausoleum and make love to you with that sweater. Oh, my God. All right, everybody.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5242.0s	5242.0	 We'll see you next week on the podcast. Love you besties. Love you. Love you. Back at you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5251.3s	5251.3	 I'm going to drive. Rain man, David Sack.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5254.3s	5254.3	 I'm going to drive. And it said we open source it to the fans and they've just gone crazy with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5261.1s	5261.1	 Love you besties. I'm the queen of Ken Wong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5263.1s	5263.1	 I'm going to drive. What your winners want? What your winners want?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5270.0s	5270.0	 Besties are gone. That's my dog taking an issue driving.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5274.7s	5274.7	 Wait, that's my.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5278.7s	5278.7	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5280.5s	5280.5	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge or because they're all just like this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5284.8s	5284.8	 like sexual tension, but they just need to release it out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5288.5s	5288.5	 What your.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5291.4s	5291.4	 Your feet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgEvzcyXyyE&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=76&t=5293.8s	5293.8	 We need to get.
