https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=0.0s	0.0	 All right, everybody, welcome back. It's another episode of All In Podcast, the podcast that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5.0s	5.0	 racing up the charts despite the fact that we recorded every three or four weeks. There's no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=9.7s	9.7	 marketing, there's no ads in this podcast. It's just four friends who play poker together who've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=13.9s	13.9	 decided to talk about the most important issues in the world. Welcome back to the podcast, David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=19.8s	19.8	 Friedberg, the queen of quinoa himself, obviously climate.com, Itza and an undisclosed beverage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=29.9s	29.9	 startup that I'm not supposed to talk about it. Sorry about that. I know a lot of people were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=33.0s	33.0	 tweeting about this beverage startup. You're still not ready to talk about the beverage startup.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=36.6s	36.6	 Thank you, Jake, pal. Yeah, welcome back to the show. I always appreciate your promotions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=42.2s	42.2	 But when will the beverage start? By the way, do you guys want to talk about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=45.4s	45.4	 do you guys want to talk about Jason's home address? Because I have that, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=48.6s	48.6	 Please, no. I want to ask, is that a picture in the background? I love space, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=55.0s	55.0	 as you know, but is that a picture of Uranus or what is that picture? I think that's Saturn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=59.4s	59.4	 It's Saturn. It's Saturn. It's not. It's Saturn. Friedberg, obviously taking the first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=68.6s	68.6	 Virgin Galactic flight, Chamath Palihapiti, of course, with us here, the Prince of Spacks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=76.9s	76.9	 calling in from an undisclosed location that is not burning down like the United States. How
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=81.9s	81.9	 are you doing on your vacay? Doing really well. Thanks. I'm giving you the three button salute,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=86.8s	86.8	 as I told you. Yeah, thank God the microphone is perfectly positioned so we do not have to look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=90.4s	90.4	 at your chest hair, all six of your chest hairs. Oh my God. It's like a thousand dollar suit that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=97.0s	97.0	 missing all of its buttons or shirt, rather. I mean, they couldn't afford to put buttons all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=102.6s	102.6	 the way up on your like probably $2,000 shirt. Austerity measures. When I get back to the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=107.6s	107.6	 States, as Jason said, my haberdasher will meet me at plane side and slow the three buttons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=112.8s	112.8	 Yeah, when he leaves for Europe, they remove the three buttons. He comes back, the haberdasher puts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=117.1s	117.1	 him back on each shirt. He does that for the entire wardrobe. And of course, chiming in is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=122.0s	122.0	 Rain Man himself, David Sacks, professional blogger and the fund manager of Craft Ventures,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=129.3s	129.3	 of course, before that working at PayPal with Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, and a bunch of other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=136.2s	136.2	 famous people, two of which have gone on to have demonstrably more success than Sacks, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=143.8s	143.8	 Sacks having, of course, more than success, demonstrable success than the other 72 rocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=148.6s	148.6	 scientists from PayPal. In between, he did a little company called Yammer, which Microsoft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=153.6s	153.6	 bought for a billion dollars. Speaking of big companies and big tech, we had a big tech hearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=160.9s	160.9	 this week, and Jeff Bezos, Sundar, and Zuck himself, as well as Tim Cook, two founders,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=172.0s	172.0	 and two hired guns, people who were hired for their positions, defending themselves from what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=177.4s	177.4	 I thought was some pretty good questioning. My expectations were very low that anybody on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=183.0s	183.0	 that panel would know what they were talking about. For me, I thought Jeff Bezos did the best job. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=188.4s	188.4	 had a great opening statement, and he was the most candid and, I think, least likely to get broken up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=194.6s	194.6	 Going around the horn here, Chamath, who did the best job in the hearings? I don't know if you saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=198.8s	198.8	 all of them or just clips, but who do you think shined? I only saw, to be honest with you, your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=205.8s	205.8	 recap, which I thought was, frankly, really, really good. We should probably link to that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=210.6s	210.6	 in the show notes so people can listen to it. I saw a couple of answers. The thing that jumped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=218.7s	218.7	 off the page to me was I read a little bit of Bezos' statement. I thought it was pretty fire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=224.0s	224.0	 I thought he did the best job positioning himself, but the reality is it's what I said a few days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=230.2s	230.2	 earlier on CNBC, but I just thought going in, this whole thing was set up to be performative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=234.8s	234.8	 theater, and it basically was that. The level of questions are just so poor. The level of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=240.8s	240.8	 understanding is so bad, and then people just use it as a way to grandstand, and everybody did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=248.5s	248.5	 I wasn't completely blown away by any of it, to be quite honest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=253.5s	253.5	 What do you think, Friedberg? Who had the best showing in those hearings?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=258.6s	258.6	 I think Zuck was the most eloquent in the on-point responses. He was super,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=267.0s	267.0	 super well-prepped for this thing. I think Bezos and others were obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=274.3s	274.3	 you know, they had great prep work done for their statement, but in terms of warding off the attacks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=280.1s	280.1	 I think Zuck did a great job. It was weird. It didn't feel like Tim Cook should have been there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=287.8s	287.8	 It was kind of a random thing that he was there, because everyone had an axe to grind,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=292.6s	292.6	 and the axe that everyone had to grind was a little bit different. It wasn't like this was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=296.9s	296.9	 true objective discussion about antitrust, and so the axe that people had to grind were kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=304.5s	304.5	 pointed at Google and Facebook and Amazon in different ways. Tim Cook was kind of, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=310.8s	310.8	 hey, yeah, this is cool. You guys go ahead and give your responses. I'm going to go back to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=315.1s	315.1	 Do you think that's because Apple does not have a monopoly position on a numbers basis in any one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=322.2s	322.2	 era and or because their products are so loved and universally, you know, used?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=330.6s	330.6	 I think it's actually a function of what these companies do. So if you look at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=335.0s	335.0	 Jim Jordan rant, I don't know if you guys watched this, but Jim Jordan did this big rant at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=338.7s	338.7	 opening. He's the worst. He went on and on, and the first thing he said, he's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=342.3s	342.3	 big tech is out to get conservatives. And then he went on and gave all these examples about how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=346.7s	346.7	 Twitter has been pulling down Donald Trump's tweets and flagging them and Facebook's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=351.2s	351.2	 canceling certain people on the platform. And his whole axe to grind was really about censorship on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=356.6s	356.6	 social media platforms, which has fucking nothing to do with antitrust and has nothing to do with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=361.1s	361.1	 Apple's business. And so, yeah, I guess my point is like, and then other people have issues with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=367.0s	367.0	 Google's dominance in ads and Amazon's impact on local business. And so there wasn't much of an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=372.5s	372.5	 axe to grind, frankly, with Apple. At the end of the day, as I said, I just don't think that it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=376.8s	376.8	 was a function of, you know, a true kind of objective antitrust approach. And it was just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=381.0s	381.0	 more about like, hey, we've all got different things we want to address. And we finally got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=384.5s	384.5	 these guys here. Let's beat them up. And, you know, Sax, what do you think you with Friedberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=389.0s	389.0	 that it was performance art? Or do you think that or performative rather, do or do you think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=394.3s	394.3	 there are actually substantive issues that came up during the hearings that we should discuss here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=399.0s	399.0	 Well, you know, it was both. You know, certainly there was a tremendous amount of grandstanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=405.0s	405.0	 in political theater. And the politicians on both sides wanted to take shots at the companies for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=412.2s	412.2	 various reasons. I mean, I think they have a slightly different hierarchy of hate. I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=417.3s	417.3	 the left sort of hates Facebook the most because they blame it for Trump's election, which I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=425.0s	425.0	 is kind of a ridiculous scapegoating, which we should talk more about. But and then I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=431.0s	431.0	 the right is most suspicious towards Google. But I think there are, you know, legitimate issues here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=437.5s	437.5	 as that were brought up. And I think the congressional hearing did score some hit points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=444.2s	444.2	 I think your previous part did a good job showing some of those.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=449.2s	449.2	 These hearings were teed up apparently over the past year by a series of subpoenas of records
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=455.4s	455.4	 that the committee, this is the House Subcommittee on Antitrust had teed up. And so there were some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=465.2s	465.2	 moments where I thought that, you know, the representative scored some hits on, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=471.6s	471.6	 Facebook and Google. What do you think the big, who took the biggest hit in all of this? Who do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=477.0s	477.0	 you think has the most, putting aside all this performance obviously, and the politicization of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=483.0s	483.0	 everything in our country, and Jim Jordan, who to me is like the, he's like the dad at the baseball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=488.8s	488.8	 game, who like the little league game who runs on the court and pushes the empire and gets banned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=492.8s	492.8	 for the season. Like he just yells over everybody for no reason. But what is the actual, what was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=499.8s	499.8	 the punch that landed that is the most valid as we go around the horn one more time here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=504.8s	504.8	 now that we've got our initial thoughts about it, what punch landed the squarest in one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=509.5s	509.5	 these companies' faces? Well, let me set this up. I think there were three big areas of concern
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=517.7s	517.7	 where just about all the companies with maybe the exception of Amazon took hits, although even,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=522.0s	522.0	 you know, Bezos took hits. I think one is with respect to anti-competitive actions that these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=527.8s	527.8	 platforms are taking, particularly with respect to the applications or small businesses that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=532.6s	532.6	 operate and are dependent on those platforms. I think all of the companies were interrogated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=537.0s	537.0	 about that. You know, Bezos took a hit when he had to admit or concede that the company may not have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=544.2s	544.2	 always followed its policy with respect to using its, you know, third-party sellers' data to figure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=550.4s	550.4	 out how to compete with them. You know, Google was interrogated about snippets. There was news today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=556.3s	556.3	 actually, just out of Australia that the government's going to order Google to pay small
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=560.1s	560.1	 businesses for the use of its content for snippets, which, you know, so the regulations are kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=568.1s	568.1	 heating up on this. But the sort of the first area was sort of anti-competitive, and I think Facebook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=573.4s	573.4	 took some hits with respect to the Instagram acquisition, which, you know, Congressman Nadler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=580.6s	580.6	 really went after him, and then I think Jaya Powell as well. And that's a tremendously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=588.7s	588.7	 threatening issue for Facebook, because if it is forced to divest Instagram, it would just be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=594.1s	594.1	 crippling for the company. We should talk more about that. All right, so let's, yeah, let's take-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=598.1s	598.1	 Jason, just set the table. Two other issues that I think came up, I'll just very briefly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=603.1s	603.1	 Number two is sort of cozying up to China. I think Google is the one that's most vulnerable here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=608.5s	608.5	 And then the third issue is sort of this issue of censorship and bias with respect to content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=613.8s	613.8	 and politics in the election. Which has nothing to do with antitrust, the censorship issue. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=619.3s	619.3	 let's table that one. I think you're hitting the nail on the head. This was not about antitrust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=623.9s	623.9	 going in. I think people were, you know, kind of confused. Even Jim Jordan, I don't think he has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=629.2s	629.2	 any clue what he's talking about. He doesn't know the difference between regulation and antitrust.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=633.8s	633.8	 He doesn't know the difference between the Sherman Act and like, you know, section 230.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=638.2s	638.2	 I think they're all kind of making it up as they go along. So in many ways, I think personally that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=643.8s	643.8	 the companies that were the most at risk going in were the same companies at risk coming out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=649.9s	649.9	 And so, you know, if you had to stack rank to risk, I think Facebook is number one at the top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=654.8s	654.8	 of the list. Then I think it's Google. Then I think it's Apple. And then I think far, far, far down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=661.7s	661.7	 is Amazon. In many ways, Amazon is the most inoculated simply because the end market that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=667.4s	667.4	 they operate in is so massive. And the market that Facebook operates in is so new, yet so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=676.3s	676.3	 constrained with very few competitors. So in many ways, I think that's how the risk cuts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=681.6s	681.6	 I really think that the antitrust legislative framework that exists today isn't enough to touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=686.1s	686.1	 any of these guys. Instead, I think what really happens is more regulatory. And if you really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=690.8s	690.8	 think about what these guys are very concerned about, it's more that Facebook largely and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=697.0s	697.0	 Google to a smaller degree, essentially can be kingmakers with respect to popular opinion and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=702.5s	702.5	 sentiment. And I think that they want to have regulations. And I think that there's a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=706.9s	706.9	 historical precedent for a bunch of industries that have had to come under regulation when they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=712.1s	712.1	 effectively get to 100% distribution. You know, whether it's meat or airplanes or radio or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=718.9s	718.9	 television, you know, agriculture writ large, automobiles and transportation, whenever a market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=727.0s	727.0	 basically serves 100% of the total addressable universe, governments step in and they don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=733.2s	733.2	 necessarily legislate and trust bust, they fundamentally regulate and tax. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=739.5s	739.5	 in many ways, that's just as bad. And frankly, in some ways, it's worse. Because if you do that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=743.8s	743.8	 to a tech company, you're basically crippling the one thing that they're supposed to be very good at,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=748.2s	748.2	 which is to innovate. And that's the only thing that they can use to basically keep their stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=752.6s	752.6	 price high, which is then the only thing that they can use to get people to continue to work for them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=757.1s	757.1	 So that's the sort of circular loop that breaks if you regulate them. And I think that the risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=761.8s	761.8	 coming in was the same as coming up. So Facebook, let's let's take them. Let's take them one at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=766.5s	766.5	 time. Facebook, I thought had the worst performance because it was pretty clear that Nadler was setting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=772.1s	772.1	 them up not only to not be able to buy a company in the future. But in that clip, he was sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=777.0s	777.0	 teeing them up that maybe the Instagram acquisition should be unwound and they should be forced to spin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=783.0s	783.0	 that off. Because they were saying over and over and over again, that Zuckerberg put in emails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=791.6s	791.6	 with his management team that they were going to buy these companies or kill them or copy their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=796.1s	796.1	 feature sets. And even though that may not be explicitly illegal, the fact that they've hit as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=803.0s	803.0	 Chamath is talking about such incredible market share with billions of users, and because of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=808.4s	808.4	 track record of Zuckerberg, you know, which may not be at all related to this, but it sets the table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=814.6s	814.6	 No, but Jay, this case, Jason, in fairness to Mark, that decision wasn't made when Facebook had market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=819.4s	819.4	 dominance. That decision was made when Facebook was still fundamentally at risk. And there was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=824.5s	824.5	 large period of time where a lot of other people had they been left to their own devices or properly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=829.6s	829.6	 capitalized could have actually become a relatively important competitor to Facebook.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=835.4s	835.4	 Instagram could have been at that point, but then Snapchat was the opposite. Snapchat, they were at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=839.7s	839.7	 scale, and then they were going to buy it and threaten them. Either you sell to us or we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=843.5s	843.5	 going to copy the features. I think what a more logical and defensible reaction. Like, I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=850.7s	850.7	 think it's not defensible to say, oh, you know what, Facebook, I didn't like the acquisition you did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=854.9s	854.9	 10 years ago, basically because it worked. And so I'm going to punish you 10 years later. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=859.7s	859.7	 crazy. That's stupid. In the review mirror, no, no good. A more reasonable place to be is to say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=865.4s	865.4	 okay, this thing, meaning communications writ large, has become a critical piece of societal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=871.4s	871.4	 infrastructure. And we are trying to figure out now what the rules should be. And rules shouldn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=876.4s	876.4	 be brittle. Rules should be evolutionary. They should map, you know, to the moral decisions and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=881.7s	881.7	 ideas and frameworks of the time. And so, you know, we have to figure out, for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=887.4s	887.4	 number one, interoperability. So how can you message across all these multiple networks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=892.5s	892.5	 You know, another simple example, you know, we legislated the ability for emergency services to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=898.2s	898.2	 be able to send a message on your mobile phone line and your landline. You should probably be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=902.9s	902.9	 able to have a back door into all the messaging networks simply for that reason. So the point is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=907.5s	907.5	 that, you know, there are all kinds of things you can do today to make this infrastructure layer of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=914.5s	914.5	 society operate in a more predictable way on behalf of what was your best you have? Have you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=920.2s	920.2	 thought about a regulation? Then let's stick to Facebook, and then we'll go to Amazon. Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=924.9s	924.9	 have you thought about a regulation that would make sense to Facebook, whether it's divesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=929.9s	929.9	 an asset or maybe a certain percentage of usage or allowing Facebook Messenger to work with iMessenger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=936.9s	936.9	 to work with, you know, Twitter DMs? I'll answer it in a different way. So look, I mean, for 20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=942.2s	942.2	 years, I've run these kind of businesses like from from Winamp to AEM and ICQ to then, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=947.7s	947.7	 at Facebook. And so, you know, I remember in at AEM and ICQ, we, you know, did all this hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=954.8s	954.8	 wringing and all these meetings between us and Microsoft and Yahoo to make our messaging networks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=959.8s	959.8	 interoperate. And, you know, eventually, we were basically just cut off at the knees because other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=965.4s	965.4	 people just moved around us. And eventually, it all just morphed anyways away from these sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=972.6s	972.6	 of brittle messaging networks. My my kind of view is that I think what's best for Facebook is a status
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=978.7s	978.7	 quo. And so, you know, if they can basically and by the way, I think the strategy is and Mark wrote
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=984.9s	984.9	 this in his manifesto, but a couple of years ago, you know, this is sort of what led to Chris Cox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=989.8s	989.8	 resigning if I'm playing, you know, sort of like conspiracy theorists, if you read Zucks manifesto,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=995.2s	995.2	 what he was basically saying is, listen, we're going to take all these product, and we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=999.2s	999.2	 to take all that code, and we're going to mesh them all together in such a complicated convoluted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1004.7s	1004.7	 mess that if and when somebody ever tells us to rip it apart, it'll take another five or 10 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1009.0s	1009.0	 to do it. And that's effectively the technical read on that manifesto. It's just like you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1013.4s	1013.4	 going to make it technically impossible to unthread these things as independent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1019.0s	1019.0	 And your thesis is that's a strategy against an antitrust breakup. I find that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1025.8s	1025.8	 No, I just think it's a really smart strategy. I mean, he wrote it and he published it online. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1029.5s	1029.5	 it's not like he's hiding anything. He made it. I mean, it's the beautiful part about it. He made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1033.6s	1033.6	 it completely in the clear. Now. So that's, that's the strategy is to basically make it one monolithic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1040.0s	1040.0	 code base so that if and when I think I don't I'm not sure if this is the intention, but frankly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1044.7s	1044.7	 if and when somebody knocked on the door and said, Hey, you need to strip apart WhatsApp and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1048.8s	1048.8	 Messenger and Instagram, you can say, well, look, it's one monolithic code base and, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1054.2s	1054.2	 50 million lines of code, it'll take me 10 years, but sure, I'll figure it out somehow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1058.3s	1058.3	 So, you know, I think what's good for Facebook is a status quo. Now that's different from what's good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1062.6s	1062.6	 for politicians. And then what's different for consumers, I think what's good for consumers is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1069.8s	1069.8	 fundamental interoperability. Now, this is then what touches, you know, Android and Apple as well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1076.3s	1076.3	 like the idea today that you cannot have a group text message that can only include iPhones,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1083.2s	1083.2	 you know, off chance one of your friends is an Android phone, you're basically fucked is kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1087.3s	1087.3	 which happens every six months on our group that freeburg, what do you think, in terms of Facebook,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1092.8s	1092.8	 and any potential action that could be taken, or any possible solution to them having such a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1099.0s	1099.0	 dominant position, because they are the only one of the four that has a dominant position.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1102.9s	1102.9	 I would think about the, you know, how these businesses are kind of built, right there in all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1110.6s	1110.6	 these businesses, there's an infrastructure layer, the infrastructure layer, in the case of Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1116.7s	1116.7	 and Facebook is reasonably similar, it's a bunch of data centers and hardware and software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1122.6s	1122.6	 infrastructure to run all of their services on top. And then on top, there are consumer products,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1129.8s	1129.8	 there are consumer products, and then there are advertising products. And the customer base for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1136.0s	1136.0	 the consumer product is obviously users and the, you know, customer base for the advertising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1140.4s	1140.4	 products is these advertisers that pay to access these consumers and give them ads and get clicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1145.4s	1145.4	 from them and sell them stuff. And so if you think about what do you pull out, it sounds like on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1153.0s	1153.0	 Google side, there's, there's, there's concern both on the advertising and on the consumer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1158.5s	1158.5	 products that are being offered, and the scale and the leverage that Google has and how they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1162.7s	1162.7	 make those products kind of come to market. And with Facebook, it's really about this absolute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1167.7s	1167.7	 kind of monopoly on, you know, on social products and services, whereas Google's got this great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1173.4s	1173.4	 monopoly on search products for consumers. So you could kind of take a layman's view and say, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1180.5s	1180.5	 like rip out WhatsApp and rip out Instagram, and you know, then Facebook is good. But the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1186.9s	1186.9	 is in that infrastructure layer, they've created the social graph and this connection between,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1191.8s	1191.8	 you know, all the people that you know, and they've got all this stuff sitting on the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1194.6s	1194.6	 server, then Chamath points out all the same code base, and there's a lot of commonality there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1199.0s	1199.0	 So the reality of like ripping something out from there is a lot more nuanced and a lot more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1204.1s	1204.1	 challenging than just saying, hey, you got to get rid of WhatsApp, or you've got to get rid of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1207.5s	1207.5	 Instagram. And it's more likely some sort of Chinese wall situation where you end up with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1213.2s	1213.2	 negotiated exit, continued ownership and control. But you know, almost like what happened with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1219.1s	1219.1	 banks in the 80s, you kind of got to separate one side of the business from the other. That could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1223.7s	1223.7	 be one way that this goes because you know, it's really hard to kind of break apart given the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1227.7s	1227.7	 that these businesses are built. And how do you think about a solution, David, in which they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1233.6s	1233.6	 conceded, hey, we're not going to buy any more of these competing social networks, which I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1239.4s	1239.4	 would be kind of hard for them to buy one right now. I think that's done. I mean, like you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1243.5s	1243.5	 even see that Google Fitbit. I mean, Fitbit is, you know, what is it a 1.2 or $3 billion acquisition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1249.0s	1249.0	 it's going to take almost two years to close. And Google's already making concessions, antitrust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1253.6s	1253.6	 concessions to the EU. Right, you know, this is a $1 trillion company trying to buy a $1 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1259.0s	1259.0	 company. So I think large acquisition and M&A by the big four, it's impossible. Is that good for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1266.6s	1266.6	 society? Tramatha, bad for society? Is it good for our business of investing in startups or bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1271.1s	1271.1	 for us investing in startups? Well, I think it's good in one very important way, which is that it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1277.0s	1277.0	 forces the capital markets to support these companies. And what I mean by that is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1282.3s	1282.3	 I told you guys a couple times, but in the year 2000, there was 8000 public companies. In the year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1289.0s	1289.0	 2020, July 2020, as we sit there, August 2020, there's about 4000. So we've seen a shrinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1295.6s	1295.6	 50% of the number of public companies. So the idea that there isn't an M&A on ramp anymore,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1302.4s	1302.4	 means that more capital and the capital markets will become more fluid. And we will support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1309.2s	1309.2	 emerging growth companies in the public markets is my suspicion. If only there was, yeah, if only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1314.0s	1314.0	 there was an easy way for these companies to get public, go ahead, David respond. Well, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1318.4s	1318.4	 I think that I think you're raising the right issue, which is the chilling effect on M&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1325.1s	1325.1	 that these hearings are going to have. Even if Facebook has never broken up or,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1330.7s	1330.7	 or that deal is sort of retroactively challenged. The big four tech companies have to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1337.4s	1337.4	 looking at these hearings, and now they're going to be second guessing every acquisition they want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1341.6s	1341.6	 to make. And it's going to have a chilling effect. And I think that's a disaster for Silicon Valley.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1346.8s	1346.8	 Because we know that most of the startups don't work. And, you know, and there's really only,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1353.2s	1353.2	 you know, most of them go out of business, and there's only two good exits. One is an IPO,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1357.4s	1357.4	 the other is M&A. And if you take the M&A exit off the table, because it's no longer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1363.6s	1363.6	 sort of feasible from a regulatory standpoint, not all those companies are going to IPO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1368.4s	1368.4	 Yeah, but David, what you're saying doesn't make logical sense. Because if those companies are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1373.2s	1373.2	 shit anyway, they should be going out of business. And who cares about an aqua hire,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1377.2s	1377.2	 or some mini modest hire that gets you two times your money?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1380.4s	1380.4	 There's a lot of acquisitions, where the acquirer is picking them up because they provide an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1387.0s	1387.0	 important component or technology or product, but that that that startup would not have been a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1393.0s	1393.0	 standalone public company. Would Yammer be worth more today? Would you be worth more money? Would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1397.2s	1397.2	 your investors be worth more money if Yammer had spacked? Yes or no, David?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1403.5s	1403.5	 Absolutely. Yes. Okay, so David, your argument makes no sense. I think you're playing to lose.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1409.4s	1409.4	 It's not that it doesn't make sense. I think David does bring up something that's important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1412.8s	1412.8	 in the following way, which is there's a lot of companies, Jason, that get to a certain amount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1417.6s	1417.6	 of scale. And they basically start running out of oxygen, whether it's because they've overbuilt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1423.0s	1423.0	 or they've over hire, or they've overspent, or whatever, natural audience for the product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1427.8s	1427.8	 Yeah, maybe. But I think I think a lot of it is just sort of more overbuilding and just kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1431.9s	1431.9	 of distracted capital allocation. But then, you know, you need somebody to come in. And this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1437.7s	1437.7	 the problem with Silicon Valley. And I think what David speaks to is the following. If big tech M&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1443.7s	1443.7	 is off the table, the single biggest thing that'll change is valuations by late stage private, by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1449.3s	1449.3	 late stage privates. Because if you know that you can't get a 2x mark to market from the last post,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1455.6s	1455.6	 guess what will happen to your post money? It'll go way down. Right? Because that was always the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1460.1s	1460.1	 understood assumption. You know, all these guys, these late stage money can come in and say, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1464.4s	1464.4	 sure, I'll put, you know, two and a half billion dollar post a $3 billion post. Because in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1469.2s	1469.2	 mind, what they've been taught is that immediately sets the mark to get acquired as 2x. And in many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1475.7s	1475.7	 ways, Facebook started it because Facebook came to buy Instagram, literally weeks after that growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1480.9s	1480.9	 stage round at 500 million. That's why they paid a billion one. They double the valuation. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1485.4s	1485.4	 wouldn't it hold on a second, wouldn't it be healthier though, for the entire ecosystem?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1489.4s	1489.4	 If we weren't building those late stage companies to be flipped to a major company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1495.3s	1495.3	 maybe merging them with medium sized companies are slightly stronger, and then taking them public to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1500.2s	1500.2	 your point, Chamath. The point is, if you don't have a fucked up cap table, you can do all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1504.7s	1504.7	 those things. It's the fucked up gap table. So this solves that. Who needs this late stage capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1509.4s	1509.4	 coming in and doing these focacca crazy rounds? Why not take the companies public earlier?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1514.2s	1514.2	 Well, because look, you don't always know what's going to happen. I mean, this is the reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1519.9s	1519.9	 Instagram sold. It's the reason Yammer sold is you don't know exactly what's going to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1523.7s	1523.7	 You don't know what the outcome is going to be. And in a lot of those cases that you're saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1527.9s	1527.9	 would become IPOs if they weren't acquired, well, a lot of them just aren't going to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1533.8s	1533.8	 It's crazy to be taking those exits off the table when both the startup and the acquirer or the big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1540.1s	1540.1	 tech company want to do the transaction. And one of the reasons why I think there are a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1548.2s	1548.2	 these M&A type outcomes is because big companies have realized they're not very good at R&D,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1553.8s	1553.8	 at sort of new product development. And so what they've done is they've outsourced a lot of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1559.1s	1559.1	 R&D budgets to M&A. And so they let the startups run the experiments. In any category, in any new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1567.0s	1567.0	 area, you end up having a dozen of these startups get funded. We make fun of it because there's so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1572.8s	1572.8	 many competitors in every little space. But those startups are the laboratory where all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1577.3s	1577.3	 experiments are taking place. And then the big company comes in at the end and sees which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1581.6s	1581.6	 experiment did well and they acquire it. I think the advantage of being a platform business is you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1588.6s	1588.6	 can plug something in and immediately gain a lot of scale from it. Instagram and YouTube are perfect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1595.2s	1595.2	 examples. They were reasonably fast growing, had millions of users. But once they were plugged into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1603.4s	1603.4	 the engine of the bigger platform, they were worth 100 times as much over a few years because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1609.9s	1609.9	 of all the usage and the infrastructure and the distribution, et cetera, that was provided.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1615.3s	1615.3	 But it looked insane at the time to pay a billion dollars and a billion six for those two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1621.0s	1621.0	 businesses. Each of them are easily worth 100 billion plus today, probably some multiple of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1626.1s	1626.1	 that. And so I think it's, Sachs's point is right, is like I'd rather as a... Look, I worked in M&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1632.6s	1632.6	 at Google for a couple of years early in my career. I left Google in 2006 and a lot of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1641.0s	1641.0	 infrastructure that makes Google's revenue engine was acquired. We bought a company called Applied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1646.6s	1646.6	 Semantics for 100 million bucks or 100 something million dollars at the time, which ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1652.6s	1652.6	 became AdSense. And Applied Semantics could scan a webpage and basically determine what keywords
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1658.3s	1658.3	 that webpage represented and then match ads from AdWords onto that webpage. That acquisition was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1663.5s	1663.5	 a hundred million dollars. I mean, I don't track anymore how much, but tens of billions of dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1668.4s	1668.4	 of revenue are generated by that AdSense system today. You're bringing up something really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1674.3s	1674.3	 important, which is at the time, Google was not a trillion dollar company. So the point is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1680.2s	1680.2	 Google had access to enough capital market scale where nobody's going to get in the way of a five,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1687.0s	1687.0	 10, 20 billion dollar company trying to buy a hundred million dollar business like that. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1691.4s	1691.4	 just don't think you're going to see any regulatory body take that seriously.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1695.2s	1695.2	 Wait, so didn't we just paint the perfect picture, Chamath?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1697.2s	1697.2	 There'll be a trickle down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1698.5s	1698.5	 Wait, isn't that the perfect picture?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1700.0s	1700.0	 No, in fact, I think what it means is the 20 billion dollar company now probabilistically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1704.2s	1704.2	 can actually win. So for example, look at this Intuit Credit Karma transaction, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1709.0s	1709.0	 The question is, could a smaller company have bought Credit Karma? Probably, but not at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1714.8s	1714.8	 price that Intuit is willing to pay. Now, if Intuit gets big enough where there's a chilling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1720.1s	1720.1	 effect and regulators say, okay, you're above a magic threshold and no bueno on the M&A anymore,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1726.6s	1726.6	 now Credit Karma has two choices, which is maybe they sell for four billion to a very different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1730.4s	1730.4	 company, right? Or maybe they sell, actually, let's take a different example, PayPal. PayPal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1735.4s	1735.4	 is now a top 20 business in America, right? By market cap. So if PayPal isn't allowed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1741.4s	1741.4	 for example, to buy a bunch of sort of like payment rail, payment companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1748.5s	1748.5	 maybe what happens is a medium tier business is allowed to buy them. And now all of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1753.7s	1753.7	 those medium tier businesses can compete with PayPal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1755.8s	1755.8	 That's actually seems like the best solution that we've kind of stumbled on here. Can't Slack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1761.4s	1761.4	 then become or Dropbox or Uber or any Airbnb? Now they can become the acquirers of these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1767.9s	1767.9	 and then they can compete. So why don't we just say, hey, if you're over a trillion dollars,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1771.4s	1771.4	 or if you're over 500 billion, you can buy 1% of your market cap. I'm just throwing a number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1777.0s	1777.0	 Jason, let me jump in on this. That's not what Nadler was arguing for. It's not like Nadler was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1784.1s	1784.1	 saying that if you're a big fork tech company, you can't do these deals, but everyone else can.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1790.2s	1790.2	 The standard that Nadler and the precedent that he was essentially setting in that hearing is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1797.4s	1797.4	 2020 hindsight bias. If a company acquires a company that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1803.8s	1803.8	 I agree with you on that, but putting that aside, if we were going to come up with a rule,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1807.3s	1807.3	 because we know the rules as they currently exist are inadequate to do any type of regulation for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1813.0s	1813.0	 these companies, because none of them have 95% market share. So if in fact, we need a new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1820.6s	1820.6	 solution, how about this for a solution? I'm just putting it out here. You can acquire something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1824.8s	1824.8	 that is under 5% of your market cap. So if your market cap over the last year is a billion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1829.4s	1829.4	 you can buy something 50 billion or less. If you're under 250 billion, you can buy whatever the hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1836.2s	1836.2	 you want. But J. Cal, let me ask this question. The points we made earlier about YouTube and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1843.0s	1843.0	 Instagram, they were successful because of the scale of the user base of the platforms that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1847.8s	1847.8	 acquired them and the work that had already been done. And so they could plug in-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1850.4s	1850.4	 They would have both been totally successful without this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1852.4s	1852.4	 They would have been successful, but would they have been worth $300 billion like they are today?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1856.1s	1856.1	 Maybe more. Maybe more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1857.5s	1857.5	 But Instagram was 13 people, YouTube was a couple dozen people. It doesn't matter. The story is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1862.5s	1862.5	 small group were brought in with an interesting platform that was kind of working at the time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1867.0s	1867.0	 and then they became these $300 billion platforms. So that's one scenario. And a lot of money could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1871.4s	1871.4	 be used, and Google and Facebook used a lot of money to be the best acquirer, to be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1877.6s	1877.6	 acquire those businesses. And that's the argument for this. Hey, they're at such a scale right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1881.6s	1881.6	 no one else can compete because only they can pay this fee, as Jamath points out with Intuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1886.4s	1886.4	 and Credit Karma. Only Intuit can buy Credit Karma at that price. Now, the alternative way to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1891.3s	1891.3	 think about this is what if there is vertical expansion? So instead of leveraging their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1894.9s	1894.9	 existing platform and their existing dominance, what if Google, in this case, is trying to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1898.6s	1898.6	 into the cloud business, right? And they're competing viciously with Amazon and Microsoft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1903.7s	1903.7	 and others in this enterprise cloud business marketplace that is continuously evolving,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1908.9s	1908.9	 changing every year, there's a different kind of lead and a different company that's suddenly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1912.8s	1912.8	 growing faster than the others. And Google spent $2.6 billion to buy Looker. Buying Looker for $2.6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1919.1s	1919.1	 billion does not advantage Google's advertisers. It does not, to some degree it might, it does not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1923.6s	1923.6	 advantage Google's users. And it is not about platform dominance in their traditional ad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1927.8s	1927.8	 business. It's about vertical expansion into a new market. Okay, so here's how I'll rewrite the law,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1931.5s	1931.5	 David. If you have over 70% market share in your vertical, you cannot make additional acquisitions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1938.5s	1938.5	 in that vertical. But they're buying into a new vertical, right? That's my point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1941.5s	1941.5	 And so then the caveat is if you're buying into a new vertical, you don't have to get that cap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1946.2s	1946.2	 We already have that. That's basically the way the rules work today is that you look at market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1953.3s	1953.3	 share. I mean, Coke cannot buy Pepsi, Facebook cannot buy Twitter today. But what we're talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1960.0s	1960.0	 about is at a much earlier stage, are you going to interfere with the M&A or are you going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1965.3s	1965.3	 retroactively go back and unwind these transactions?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1967.6s	1967.6	 Unwinding transactions makes no sense. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1969.8s	1969.8	 I think the point is this is all water under the bridge. And but the incremental M&A for these big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1975.8s	1975.8	 guys is very unlikely. Now, David does bring up a good point, unless it's in basically a, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1983.5s	1983.5	 do nothing, not that important, you know, in the positioning category relative to the core business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1990.6s	1990.6	 And so this is why, you know, it's again, go back to like, why did Looker close faster than Fitbit?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=1999.8s	1999.8	 It's half the price. Looker is twice the price, right? Fitbit is half the price.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2004.6s	2004.6	 Yeah, new market completely. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2007.2s	2007.2	 Yeah. And so there is a fear that there is going to be a compounding advantage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2012.2s	2012.2	 that regulators have a responsibility to stop. So I think it goes back to once you get to a certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2018.9s	2018.9	 level of scale, the thing that we're missing with online businesses is this kind of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2024.2s	2024.2	 you know, there's like a there's like a great original sin here that we're not admitting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2029.7s	2029.7	 which is that the internet is now a pervasive and critical part of human infrastructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2037.0s	2037.0	 As such, there needs to be people that regulate and manage the internet the same way the FAA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2043.1s	2043.1	 manages and regulates planes and wind turbines. Think about the FAA. Let's just take aviation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2048.4s	2048.4	 It is impossible for you to go and just go into your garage, build some random thing to carry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2054.6s	2054.6	 people from point A to point B in the absence of some certification. Okay, take agriculture,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2060.9s	2060.9	 it is impossible for you to basically go and like build up a farm and build up, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2066.9s	2066.9	 livestock or whatever, and all of a sudden just supply it into fucking Sobeys and Safeway without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2073.3s	2073.3	 any sort of like checks and balances. Similarly, and the reason is because it's simple human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2078.4s	2078.4	 infrastructure that everybody relies on. And I just think that we have to admit that now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2083.5s	2083.5	 also those are life and death.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2086.6s	2086.6	 This can be too. I mean, like, what about the guy that read the post about like the pedophiles and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2091.4s	2091.4	 the pizza joint came up with an AK 47? Yeah, I mean, it's quite an edge case compared to flying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2096.6s	2096.6	 on a plane. This stuff is life and death at some level, but even more than life and death. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2102.4s	2102.4	 the anointing of power that then determines life and death. And that's I think the key is that it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2107.0s	2107.0	 power. Yeah. Chamath, do you think that there should be an internet regulatory body that decides how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2111.6s	2111.6	 businesses operate and how content is censored and managed on the internet? Is that what you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2117.0s	2117.0	 kind of suggesting? Yeah, so let me be very specific. So I think that there are very specific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2122.5s	2122.5	 kinds of businesses and business models that should be overseen. Specifically, I think the first and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2130.6s	2130.6	 most important thing is a body that oversees the collection of user data and how it drives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2140.0s	2140.0	 targeting and identification. So privacy concerns around that. That's a that's a no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2144.5s	2144.5	 brainer. That's the first one. And then I think the second one is something that essentially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2151.4s	2151.4	 tears the fig leaf off of internet companies and says, you know what, you are the equivalent of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2156.6s	2156.6	 publisher and a platform, some weird hybrid that we didn't think could exist when we wrote these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2161.4s	2161.4	 rules. And so we're now going to adapt these rules. Because, you know, if you think about it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2166.5s	2166.5	 nobody is happy with the internet publishers today. You know, the the left thinks that it skews right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2171.7s	2171.7	 the right thinks it skews left, everybody's confused, nobody gets what they want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2176.2s	2176.2	 And so I think somebody has to step in and kind of sort of-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2178.4s	2178.4	 Well, I think this is a good segue to Sachs's point. And then I guess we have we have a fork
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2182.5s	2182.5	 here now in the discussion. Do we want to go and talk about censorship and that specific issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2186.8s	2186.8	 across Facebook? Or do we want to get into Amazon for a second? Which way do we want to go, Sachs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2194.2s	2194.2	 Go to censorship. Well, I mean, yeah, let's jump the fence here. Should there be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2200.6s	2200.6	 to Chamath's point, Sachs, a regulatory body that decides what people can and cannot say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2208.6s	2208.6	 on social networks? Yes or no? No, I mean, let's think about that. What we're saying is we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2216.2s	2216.2	 the politicians to set up a regulatory body to control how the people talk about the politicians.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2222.5s	2222.5	 I mean, that seems like a recipe for disaster. What about specific lies and intentionality to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2231.0s	2231.0	 frame debates incorrectly? Sachs, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying like, like you go to a movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2238.0s	2238.0	 and you know, there's a little blurb here that says who can go to the movie and who cannot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2242.9s	2242.9	 You know, you get a you buy an album and it tells you whether there's explicit lyrics or not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2247.0s	2247.0	 Like you before you turn on the TV, there's like some rating agency that tells you whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2251.2s	2251.2	 your kids should be watching it with you. My point is, what is the equivalent version? We all need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2255.9s	2255.9	 to think about what it is. But to say that there should be nothing I think is crazy. Sachs? Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2262.3s	2262.3	 I think, I mean, those ratings are mostly about, you know, standards related to kids, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2274.5s	2274.5	 and the big internet companies already have a lot of child safety features. I don't know that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2280.0s	2280.0	 need to create laws around that. And I don't think that's what we're talking about anyway. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2284.6s	2284.6	 I think the big debate about Facebook or Twitter is whether they're engaging in censorship or bias.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2291.9s	2291.9	 Right. And that goes way beyond this topic of child safety. So, okay, let's unpack.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2300.5s	2300.5	 I don't think that they're censoring. All I'm saying is I think you need to label
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2305.1s	2305.1	 and you need to more clearly designate what this content is so that people can choose. Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2309.7s	2309.7	 for example, on Twitter, you know, I follow a bunch of people on the right. I follow a bunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2314.2s	2314.2	 of people on the left. I follow one or two QAnon accounts only because like I just want to see it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2319.4s	2319.4	 all. And then I want to judge and I feel like if I can see everything, I can sort of like lay it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2324.5s	2324.5	 all on a table and figure out where the rough center is and kind of move to that, you know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2328.8s	2328.8	 So you feel you're intelligent and mature enough to do that, Chamath, but the rest of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2332.5s	2332.5	 isn't? No, not really. But I try to do it because I think it's important for me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2337.4s	2337.4	 Would you rather the platforms or some regulators come up with what you could see on those platforms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2341.4s	2341.4	 Chamath? Again, not what I can see. But there has to be a simple way. For example, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2349.0s	2349.0	 you could have something and again, this this this all this does is it breaks business models,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2354.5s	2354.5	 which then breaks monetization and it breaks the market cap of these companies. But for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2359.4s	2359.4	 let's just say you had a new kind of job, which was, you know, all these you had, you hired 500,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2366.7s	2366.7	 people. And these were a combination of lawyers, journalists, you know, academics, all kinds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2373.3s	2373.3	 random people, artists, everybody, okay, normal folks, blue collar folks, and you paid them full
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2378.5s	2378.5	 time to basically read stuff. And kind of like, you know, you know, wisdom of the crowd style,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2385.9s	2385.9	 tell us where the sat in a spectrum. Okay, this is on the left, this is on the right, this is kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2391.7s	2391.7	 of center, this seems laughable, this seems unbelievable, this seems relatively credible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2395.7s	2395.7	 And I think that you would get, you know, very quickly, and I don't think the latency would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2400.0s	2400.0	 that high, but probably minutes, where, you know, 40 or 50,000 signals would tell you whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2405.2s	2405.2	 something is, you know, where something is in the spectrum of, you know, how to understand it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2410.3s	2410.3	 And then that system, that system will get paid, get played, though, it'll get gamed, right? Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2414.5s	2414.5	 someone will figure out a way to turn all of Chamath's tweet labels into super evil tweets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2420.3s	2420.3	 and you know, now everyone will mute you because you're super evil. Yeah, I think we just defined
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2424.4s	2424.4	 George Orwell's 1984, like, or cancel culture, right? Like, if you're paying 500,000 or a million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2430.8s	2430.8	 people, if Facebook and Google and these guys come together and Twitter, and they pay a body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2435.2s	2435.2	 of people to do this work. And so you don't know who posts it, you just see the content, you read
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2439.9s	2439.9	 it, you label it, it's a classifier. So Chamath, what do you think you would get classified as?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2445.5s	2445.5	 And then what if you disagreed with what you were classified as? No, but David, like, what I'm saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2450.1s	2450.1	 is you wouldn't know it's me, like, if I wrote an article on Medium, right, and I wanted to publish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2454.6s	2454.6	 it in Twitter, that article first hits a queue, 50,000 people read it, they human classify it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2463.0s	2463.0	 and then it gets published. And now what if you don't like the way it's classified? And you don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2467.0s	2467.0	 want those tags attached to it. And you want a place to publish freely without classification,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2471.5s	2471.5	 without tagging. Then there will be a company that supports that too. And you'll see how much people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2476.6s	2476.6	 care about that. I mean, I think the free market could handle what you're saying Chamath, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2481.8s	2481.8	 I think David's concerns would be the same as mine, which is who's doing this classification?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2486.0s	2486.0	 What kind of transparency is there? And we already have the wisdom of the crowds, which is things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2489.9s	2489.9	 that are outrageous automatically get pushed up on Twitter, which allows anonymous. And then Facebook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2495.4s	2495.4	 seems to be all the top trends seem to be on the right. Let's swing over to Sax. Sax, what do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2501.6s	2501.6	 think of the 1984 proposal from Chamath, the 500,000 sensors telling you what to think of a post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2509.6s	2509.6	 before you read it? Yeah, I mean, it's the question, but it's an insane idea. It's a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2516.7s	2516.7	 bit like Twitter fact checking the politicians they don't like. It's a form of like soft censorship.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2527.3s	2527.3	 And I actually think that Zuckerberg gets attacked the most, but I think his position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2534.2s	2534.2	 on speech actually makes the most sense. I mean, it seems like what he said is we want to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2539.5s	2539.5	 a neutral free speech platform. And whereas I think Twitter and Snapchat for that matter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2546.6s	2546.6	 much more likely to engage in either censorship or fact checking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2552.0s	2552.0	 Which is paradoxical, because Twitter's initial position, David, was it was the free speech platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2558.8s	2558.8	 I totally agree with you. I think Zuck's position is the most defensible, but it also is the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2562.7s	2562.7	 untenable because it's the least technologically and socially palatable. But it is the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2570.6s	2570.6	 defensible and philosophically, in my opinion, the only position you can have. But it's not going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2575.6s	2575.6	 be what wins. Right. Well, the reason why Zuckerberg is hated is because if you're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2583.2s	2583.2	 defend the principle of free speech, you always end up defending speech that society hates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2588.9s	2588.9	 like the ACLU and Spokie. Exactly. And so Zuckerberg, I think, has done the best job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2595.8s	2595.8	 sticking to his guns. I mean, the reason why Twitter is sort of loved on the left is precisely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2602.8s	2602.8	 because they gave in to the mob and they've started taking down accounts that the mob doesn't like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2609.8s	2609.8	 or fact checking them. Whereas I think Zuckerberg's refusal to do that, and by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2616.7s	2616.7	 I don't think he's been perfect in this regard, but he's been much better about standing up for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2621.6s	2621.6	 the principle of free speech. That's what's made him anathema to the left. I think that and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2627.4s	2627.4	 fact that Facebook still gets blamed for Hillary's loss. I have two specific follow-ups to what David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2633.1s	2633.1	 just said for you, which is one, how much of this has to do with anonymity being allowed on Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2638.2s	2638.2	 versus not being allowed on Facebook? And second, how much of it has to do with the fact that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2643.3s	2643.3	 have algorithms that trend topics? If we didn't have those algorithms trending them, perhaps this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2648.7s	2648.7	 wouldn't be an issue because if you wrote something that was inflammatory and false, let's say, in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2655.0s	2655.0	 situation, both characteristics, it wouldn't go to the top of the list, which is what everybody's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2658.7s	2658.7	 kind of upset about, is that something that's false goes to the top of your feed. Comment on those two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2664.2s	2664.2	 issues. Well, I think your second point's an important one, which is social media helps to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2669.7s	2669.7	 enhance the stimulation of the amygdala in the human brain. You see something that makes you angry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2676.6s	2676.6	 or something that makes you elated, you are more likely to engage with it. If you see something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2681.0s	2681.0	 that is kind of a rational discussion about something that doesn't incite emotion in you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2685.4s	2685.4	 you're less likely to engage in it. And so whatever the engagement model is, it ends up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2689.6s	2689.6	 creating a lot more virality and chatter and it kind of gets brought to the surface. And there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2693.5s	2693.5	 a lot that's been written and said about this that I don't think we're kind of uniquely in a position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2697.9s	2697.9	 to say anything more on. And that's obviously what a lot of people are kind of concerned about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2702.9s	2702.9	 is the inflammatory and polarizing nature of the content that is getting highlighted on these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2708.5s	2708.5	 platforms and is getting greater distribution on these platforms. And then I think your prior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2712.9s	2712.9	 point, I'm not sure it's about anonymity as much as it is about any form of censorship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2719.8s	2719.8	 that ultimately can be viewed as biased. So Jim Jordan's points were actually, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2724.5s	2724.5	 as much as the guy rants and goes on and sounds like a guy running on the soccer field and punched
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2728.4s	2728.4	 the coach, it's really interesting to hear the point of view that as a conservative, I believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2735.9s	2735.9	 that a lot of what Donald Trump is saying or what some conservative voices are saying is reasonable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2740.2s	2740.2	 and that voice should be heard. And to hear over and over about Twitter pulling these things down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2744.6s	2744.6	 and then seeing a whole bunch of stuff like anarchists taking over Seattle and taking over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2749.2s	2749.2	 Portland and they don't get their stuff taken down, you know, them claiming that they can hold down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2753.0s	2753.0	 the streets of Portland and Seattle because that's, you know, the way that it should be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2756.9s	2756.9	 doesn't, you know, incite any sort of censorship. But Donald Trump saying he's going to end it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2762.2s	2762.2	 incite censorship. And so I think it's not as much about anonymity as much as it is about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2768.3s	2768.3	 you know, having censorship tied to a voice and censorship tied to a labeled or tagged point of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2774.1s	2774.1	 view or labeled or tagged individual or voice on the platform. So without anonymity, I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2779.7s	2779.7	 problem goes away for Twitter. I think Twitter is working on a project, and I've been saying this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2784.5s	2784.5	 for a decade, that they should let everybody pay $50 a year, $5 a month or $30 a year, $10 a month,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2791.2s	2791.2	 whatever it is, to go through a verification process to make sure it's their name on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2795.1s	2795.1	 account, which by the way, Nextdoor is doing at scale. Not only do they know it's you, they know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2799.1s	2799.1	 you're the person who lives at that address because you got a postcard there. I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2803.0s	2803.0	 and in Korea, South Korea, you're required to put your social security number in to open a social
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2809.0s	2809.0	 account. That would solve the entire problem. Now that may seem and then it would drive other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2814.2s	2814.2	 users who want anonymity to anonymous platforms. And that's where Twitter, it's trying to have its
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2818.6s	2818.6	 cake and eating it too, and they're falling on their face. They have one level, which is troll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2822.3s	2822.3	 accounts, because you can do whatever the hell they want, playing on the same playing field with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2825.9s	2825.9	 people who can and this is just a disaster for them. Jim Jordan may be an idiot, and just a loud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2832.6s	2832.6	 mouth. But I think I agree with you, if the situation was reversed, and we were talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2837.0s	2837.0	 Obama being censored for some reason and the right and right wing people or left wing people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2843.8s	2843.8	 being silenced or deprecated on the platform, you know, soft band, people would be up in arms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2850.3s	2850.3	 but that was a different form. He should be doing that in a censorship and they should have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2854.0s	2854.0	 censorship committee talking about that. What do you think Chamath about these two issues,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2857.8s	2857.8	 anonymity on these platforms and the velocity in which things that outrage people because you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2862.4s	2862.4	 yourself Chamath went from hold on, but I want to cue this up for you Chamath, you yourself went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2867.0s	2867.0	 from being a perennial guest on a lot of these programs. And then now since you've been a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2872.6s	2872.6	 bit more vocal about how you feel about social issues, when you said break everything up, who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2877.1s	2877.1	 cares on CNBC and then when you said, who cares, let them fail, they don't get their summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2882.6s	2882.6	 ham from house, you gained 150,000 followers. And now you've learned that if you're more,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2888.2s	2888.2	 I don't want to say the word outrageous, but if you're more vocal about social issues,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2891.6s	2891.6	 you're going to gain a lot of attention. Do you think you should have been labeled as somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2898.0s	2898.0	 who is hysterical about your 500,000 people or being outrageous?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2906.6s	2906.6	 Both and all platforms are littered with fake accounts. The interesting factoid from yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2913.8s	2913.8	 was I think Facebook says they take down 6.3 billion fake accounts or something, some crazy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2919.3s	2919.3	 crazy, crazy numbers. So they are playing whack-a-mole. Twitter just basically says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2923.7s	2923.7	 we don't have the team and the infrastructure, so just let the 6 billion accounts be. That's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2928.9s	2928.9	 only difference between Facebook and Twitter. It's an acknowledgement of the problem and transparency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2934.9s	2934.9	 on the reporting. So, you know, look, my point of view on this is that I think that irrespective of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2943.8s	2943.8	 what I believe about free speech, I think it's becoming harder and harder for me, just as a layman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2949.4s	2949.4	 reading, to figure out what's true and not true. I think that the line is getting very gray,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2956.9s	2956.9	 and I think that sources that used to have complete integrity that were, you know, just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2966.2s	2966.2	 beyond reproach in terms of their integrity, it's not clear anymore because the business model of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2971.7s	2971.7	 the internet is driven towards clicks. So I think what's actually happening is that we are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2978.1s	2978.1	 dismantling information and news and journalism. The first place where I think that goes is places
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2987.5s	2987.5	 like Substack, which is going to rebuild it bottoms up, where people will vote with their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2992.9s	2992.9	 subscription dollars, what to believe and what not to believe. And then on top of that, people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=2997.4s	2997.4	 will overlay aggregation tools so that you can actually have multi-subscriptions and create sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3003.5s	3003.5	 of like next generation magazines and content subscriptions or whatever. I think that's where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3009.2s	3009.2	 the world is going in terms of information and content. Jason, my honest belief is that I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3014.5s	3014.5	 think I've ever said anything that particularly crazy. I just think that I'm reasonably intelligent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3018.6s	3018.6	 and I'm precise in what I say, and it cuts through a lot of the bullshit because most people have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3023.0s	3023.0	 nothing to say. So, you know, when I make a fucking investment, I write a one-pager and I post it and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3030.2s	3030.2	 I'm willing to be held accountable. You know, when I don't understand about climate change,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3033.8s	3033.8	 I just post about it even though I want to invest two billion dollars of my own money in it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3037.7s	3037.7	 And so I think being authentic and just being straightforward is sort of like what is valuable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3044.4s	3044.4	 at some level on the internet. I think that governments are going to regulate these companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3050.1s	3050.1	 Let's just be clear. Whatever I think about censorship, it just doesn't matter what I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3056.4s	3056.4	 because governments are of a belief that these platforms craft and shape public opinion and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3063.9s	3063.9	 sentiment which drive the aggregation and coalescing of power, which fundamentally disrupts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3070.2s	3070.2	 the business model of the politician. Let's go swing over to Sax here. Sax, any comments on that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3076.4s	3076.4	 censorship issue or the once very respected sources of news, maybe being less respected now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3086.6s	3086.6	 the New York Times came to mind when Chamath was sort of outlining that phenomenon. And then we'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3093.2s	3093.2	 move on to Amazon. Yeah, I mean, I think there are things that these platforms can do to elevate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3100.6s	3100.6	 the discourse, the quality of the information people are getting. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3106.0s	3106.0	 eliminating the bot accounts, I think it's a huge problem on Twitter that they're out there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3112.0s	3112.0	 They're not really doing much about it. I think that's something they could improve and fix.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3117.7s	3117.7	 Requiring people to be who they purport to be, I think, and this is tied to the bot issue of not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3123.7s	3123.7	 allowing these sort of sock puppet accounts. But the thing about those steps that they could take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3132.9s	3132.9	 is they're speech neutral, right? The rules would apply to everybody, to Freberg's point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3138.1s	3138.1	 So I think they should look at doing more of those things. But what I'm concerned about is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3146.4s	3146.4	 so much of the debate, so much of the pressure that's being brought on Facebook is to actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3152.9s	3152.9	 moderate and control the type of speech that occurs on its platform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3158.6s	3158.6	 I think the reason why Zuckerberg is attacked more than, say, Jack Dorsey is because he's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3165.6s	3165.6	 more resistant to doing that. I think it's actually because you have a bunch of what seems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3171.3s	3171.3	 like real names. But again, I think that there's a fake account issue on Facebook that's just as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3176.6s	3176.6	 bad as Twitter. It's just the difference is the fake accounts on Facebook have proper first and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3181.5s	3181.5	 last names, whereas Twitter, you have all kinds of alphanumeric garbage as an account name. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3185.9s	3185.9	 here's a different proposal. Maybe what we need is the decision that we allow complete,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3193.0s	3193.0	 unfettered free speech. And there's a layer of both Facebook and Twitter and YouTube where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3198.4s	3198.4	 that's completely allowed. But the precursor to have that access is you need to put in your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3203.1s	3203.1	 social security number or something that's uniquely identifiable by your government,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3206.9s	3206.9	 so that if you say something and there's a law against you saying something,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3210.6s	3210.6	 already a pre-established law, there's recourse. Where can you go and be anonymous,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3214.2s	3214.2	 Chamath? Because, you know, on a web page, you can create any web page you want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3218.0s	3218.0	 No, but nobody's going to say then I think what it creates is a decision by a user to coalesce on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3224.0s	3224.0	 completely different platforms, if what you want is complete anonymity for a very different reason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3229.8s	3229.8	 And I think that that's very reasonable, too. My point is, the solution to this, David,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3234.1s	3234.1	 is diversity, not to have one thing and two companies try to create some Swiss Army knife
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3239.7s	3239.7	 Frankenstein product that solves this. It's just not possible. And I think we're both saying the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3244.6s	3244.6	 same thing, which is like you have completely different behaviors trying to go through the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3249.9s	3249.9	 channel. It's not possible. I actually I like the idea of these platforms doing more to eliminate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3255.9s	3255.9	 bot accounts and anonymity, because those are neutral rules of the game, and they do improve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3262.6s	3262.6	 the quality of the debate that occurs on those platforms. I think those would be good things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3267.7s	3267.7	 I think it's just hard to do. I think that those companies may even want to do that. It seems like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3271.7s	3271.7	 Facebook certainly does. It's just a hard thing to execute. It's actually not that hard. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3275.3s	3275.3	 if you just said, hey, listen, this account in order to have a verified account, you have to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3279.7s	3279.7	 a phone number and email. So that's two steps that a spammer trying to create a lot of accounts would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3285.5s	3285.5	 not be able to do because you'd have to get burner phone number after burner phone number, which is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3289.5s	3289.5	 cost. It's possible, but it's a cost. And if you want to be verified, we need your phone number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3295.0s	3295.0	 and we need your email address and we need you to you put in your credit card and get charged a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3300.1s	3300.1	 dollar on your credit card just overnight. Reddit would become the new Twitter overnight. Reddit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3305.8s	3305.8	 would become 4chan would become the new Facebook. I mean, overnight, like, I'm not saying to have an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3310.2s	3310.2	 account freeburg, but to have the blue check mark. So you would still be able to and then over time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3314.4s	3314.4	 people could say, I don't want to see replies unless they've been verified. And it could be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3318.6s	3318.6	 just a toggle you pick. By the way, Facebook, Google and Twitter already have this mechanism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3323.4s	3323.4	 because that's what they do to graduate advertisers up the spending curve. You know, you can start as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3328.2s	3328.2	 an anonymous advertiser just spending, you know, onesie twosie dollars, you know, just off of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3333.3s	3333.3	 webpage, basically, just you go through and you do self serve ads. And the more you spend or the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3337.5s	3337.5	 more targeting capability you want, you graduate, you self identify, you get more information,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3342.4s	3342.4	 you get more capability back, you get more trust in the system. So it does exist for the customers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3349.0s	3349.0	 of these big tech companies. And this is the other big thing. What it shows you is that it's actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3353.4s	3353.4	 solved the problem for the customers is just doesn't solve it for the, you know, feudalist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3357.8s	3357.8	 feedstock, which are the users, because they won't pay. And so if you said, Hey, listen, there's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3362.3s	3362.3	 on ramp to verify customers, they're not the users. They could be though, Twitter's coming out with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3366.7s	3366.7	 paid version. So they're obviously on the halfway there, they're going to come up with a paid version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3371.0s	3371.0	 of Twitter. Jack said it on his quarterly earnings. I'm going to sell my Twitter stock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3377.7s	3377.7	 Well, I mean, it's not it's not one or the other freeburg, though, you don't have to pick one or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3381.1s	3381.1	 the other, you could still be anonymous, but you have the opportunity because right now they're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3384.6s	3384.6	 accepting new verified users. And unless you're a muckety muck, you don't get to even go down that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3389.2s	3389.2	 route. So shouldn't everybody have I would like I mean, I personally would like Twitter more if it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3395.9s	3395.9	 verified identity. I mean, I don't I don't think there should be a speech tax. I don't know why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3400.4s	3400.4	 they have to charge a dollar but but but taking a dollar means we have your credit card. It's just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3406.4s	3406.4	 another hurdle. That's why I put it in a dollar. You can do it like a $1 off without actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3411.4s	3411.4	 charging anyone's card. Yes, you could do that. For example, like if you if you actually force
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3415.6s	3415.6	 people to verify by putting in their social security number, like there's a couple guys I follow,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3420.2s	3420.2	 I'll just name them Scott Adams, who wrote the Dilbert comics. Yeah, there's a guy like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3425.5s	3425.5	 somebody who I'm really not sure I understand his politics, but I follow him because I because you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3430.3s	3430.3	 know, he's a rabble rouser. But my point is, you know, it's not just people on the left,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3436.4s	3436.4	 but I think it would be people on the left, people in the center, people on the right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3439.5s	3439.5	 who would basically pay the quote unquote tax, because they're already real people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3444.4s	3444.4	 And they would just they would then have more guarantees and assurances that Twitter won't be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3450.3s	3450.3	 arbitrary. And I think that makes Twitter better. And if it maybe makes it smaller,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3455.0s	3455.0	 right, and then maybe you're right, free birth, like 4chan or HN or Reddit become good for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3460.3s	3460.3	 different kind of behavior. By the way, I mean, like, that's what we do today. We don't eat the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3464.0s	3464.0	 same fucking thing every goddamn day. We don't wear the same pants every day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3467.4s	3467.4	 I agree with where he's going with that. I mean, the the defining feature of Reddit is that it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3472.3s	3472.3	 basically anonymous. People have usernames, but you never know who it is. And pseudonyms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3477.4s	3477.4	 and it creates a certain kind of conversation. And that's fine. Twitter is supposed to be real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3483.8s	3483.8	 people. I mean, it's not I mean, Facebook even more so. But, you know, when I think about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3488.4s	3488.4	 accounts that I follow on Twitter, you know, it's it's, you know, all of them are real people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3494.1s	3494.1	 Occasionally, you'll get occasionally you'll get a pseudonymous. Yeah, you'll get like a startup L
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3500.6s	3500.6	 Jackson or something like that. And, you know, and I think that's okay. Yeah, but you would choose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3506.1s	3506.1	 to then follow them. The difference with like a startup L Jackson is they're not a fake account.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3511.2s	3511.2	 They're just using a pseudonym. Right. And you know that when you follow them. And over time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3515.4s	3515.4	 they've proven to be to provide some value that makes people follow them. And so you can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3520.3s	3520.3	 anonymous if you get a certain number of followers. I guess you rise above the noise. Here's another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3524.9s	3524.9	 solution. There are no there's no nuance about truth, or how much you believe this is true
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3532.7s	3532.7	 as a voting mechanism. So if you were verified on Twitter, and there was a scale that says how true
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3538.7s	3538.7	 how truthful do you believe this is, and you could slide it and pick I you know, from one to five,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3544.6s	3544.6	 you could actually have another signal there. What do you think about some sort of a signal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3548.6s	3548.6	 to Tramont's point about community value saying, I buy this I don't 97% of people wouldn't use it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3555.3s	3555.3	 And the 3% that do would completely bias the results. Okay, Tramont, what do you think would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3559.4s	3559.4	 happen? I agree with freeburg. I don't I don't think that's a it's just I don't think it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3563.0s	3563.0	 really good idea. My only comment was just offering the other thing, by the way, I know it sounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3567.9s	3567.9	 crazy, it was just offering it as like the, you know, the way that this negotiated solution will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3574.2s	3574.2	 end up. And it's kind of sort of what these internet companies are being forced to do,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3577.9s	3577.9	 which are these weird, you know, pseudo action bodies that like review things and like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3583.7s	3583.7	 so it's all just a slippery slope to that outcome. But by the way, you were speaking about startup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3589.8s	3589.8	 all Jackson, you know, there was another guy super mugatu. And, you know, he turned out to be this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3595.5s	3595.5	 you know, really good young up and coming investor, Dan McMurtry, and he was sued, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3600.4s	3600.4	 he used a pseudonym for a long time, build up a huge audience, and then flipped himself and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3604.2s	3604.2	 basically came out and said, here, my name is Dan McMurtry, and I run a fund. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3609.5s	3609.5	 it was wonderful. Yeah, I think it's a very good marketing strategy. It's a growth strategy. Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3614.0s	3614.0	 be startup all Jackson, when you get an adventure partner, when are you going to announce that you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3618.6s	3618.6	 the guy behind BC Bragg's? I'm not ready to do that. I'm not ready. People thought it was me. I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3627.0s	3627.0	 like, I'm getting tortured. Wait till you hear that I'm the guy behind zero hedge. That'll really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3631.7s	3631.7	 thank you. Well, zero, zero hedge is instructive. Didn't he get banned or the she get banned for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3637.3s	3637.3	 posting about stuff in Coronavirus that eventually turned out to be acceptable and true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3643.0s	3643.0	 Now imagine if he had verified his account, he had a social security number, he had all that stuff in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3647.8s	3647.8	 there, just verify that's it just information that says zero hedge is real. It's a real person. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3652.7s	3652.7	 And you know, the rule is when you're that level of verified, you can publish whatever you want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3657.6s	3657.6	 Yeah, you can you can say false statements as a real person. So Donald Trump is a real person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3661.8s	3661.8	 He's a verified account. And he's saying things that Twitter is then determining are false
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3666.2s	3666.2	 or inflammatory. Rather, you know, them not try to do it. And I'd rather have pundits that you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3675.6s	3675.6	 believe in. So the other problem is like, look, when you have public figures, you have punditry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3680.8s	3680.8	 around public figures. But the problem isn't what that person says. It's you can't believe the punditry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3686.8s	3686.8	 because half of them are fake. So at some point, you have to break the cycle and somebody has to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3692.1s	3692.1	 be real. Well, and this is the problem with the Trump issue in a pandemic is two edge cases put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3699.7s	3699.7	 together. And now we're figuring out what the actual cost of it is. Trump said masks are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3704.8s	3704.8	 bullshit. You don't need to wear a mask, blah, blah, blah. I choose not to wear a mask. I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3708.2s	3708.2	 not going to give people a satisfaction. So you may ask. Turns out masks are correct. We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3713.5s	3713.5	 should have put that or should we have put in front of Trump's non mask comments, hey, this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3719.8s	3719.8	 against what the guidelines are. Or the fact is the who said the World Health Organization said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3726.2s	3726.2	 you shouldn't wear masks. Then it turns out now we have a bunch of conservatives dying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3731.4s	3731.4	 who didn't wear masks. No, I don't think I don't think you should put anything there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3736.1s	3736.1	 And let all the conservatives who believe him die.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3739.2s	3739.2	 It's not about letting conservatives die. I think that's a crazy way of positioning it like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3743.2s	3743.2	 he's allowed to have his opinion. And really, like, if anything, I think social media has shown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3749.0s	3749.0	 that the way that we used to venerate, like veneration is sort of like, it's kind of it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3755.4s	3755.4	 been disrupted by social media, like the idea that you venerate somebody because like they won
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3760.0s	3760.0	 an election in a moment is so crazy, because they are basically like you. And in many cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3766.1s	3766.1	 maybe dumber than you with respect to all these ideas surrounding the idea that we need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3772.1s	3772.1	 regulate these platforms. I think we should just remember that the way stuff gets into your feed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3776.5s	3776.5	 is that you make the decision to follow it. You know, these feeds are self curated. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3780.8s	3780.8	 there is this issue about, well, you know, the algorithm does sort of emphasize or sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3787.3s	3787.3	 increase the volume. And, you know, we want to make sure those algorithms, you know, are done in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3792.6s	3792.6	 a neutral way. They're not they're not biased somehow. But, you know, the content that appears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3797.1s	3797.1	 in people's feed is content they've chosen to see. With the exception of trending topics on both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3801.5s	3801.5	 platforms. Well, like I said, though, as long as those algorithms are unbiased and work in a speech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3807.1s	3807.1	 neutral way, I think they're fine. But the you know, the reason why Facebook has been boycotted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3813.8s	3813.8	 is, is that they're they refuse to censor some of Donald Trump's tweets, you know, and but you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3821.7s	3821.7	 don't see those. You don't see those posts rather unless you've chosen to follow them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3827.1s	3827.1	 I think it's crazy that they want to ban him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3830.4s	3830.4	 Problem is, it's a chain of it's a chain of fake accounts and real accounts, right? Let's be honest,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3834.9s	3834.9	 it's a combination of both that exists on both Facebook and Twitter to amplify content in ways
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3840.9s	3840.9	 that none of us really understand. And I would I would be very skeptical that anybody there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3846.4s	3846.4	 really understands every single piece of content, how and why it gets weighted the way it does. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3853.5s	3853.5	 you know, like, I bet you that there's probably a way to tell whether an account is fake. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3858.7s	3858.7	 obviously, they have system integrity tools to figure this out. That's, there's no way you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3862.5s	3862.5	 have eliminated 6 billion accounts if that wasn't true. But then, you know, you choose not to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3868.0s	3868.0	 suppress the weighting of those or maybe you do suppress the weighting of them entirely.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3872.0s	3872.0	 It's just an alter you're talking about. But in terms of implication, okay, so maybe maybe you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3877.0s	3877.0	 game the trending topics that way, but you can't get in my feed, unless either I choose to follow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3884.4s	3884.4	 you or you you pay to run an ad, which my eyes are just trained to skip over. So I you know, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3893.4s	3893.4	 so I you know, I think if you're gonna ask the average person, do you believe that you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3899.1s	3899.1	 sort of influenced by deceptive content on Twitter and Facebook, or you're sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3906.8s	3906.8	 unduly influenced? They would say no, you know, none of us believe that we are. But then if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3911.6s	3911.6	 asked, but if you said, do you interact in groups and forums with a bunch of people that you don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3918.4s	3918.4	 know, the answer would be 100% yes. What I'm saying is that the average person doesn't believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3923.4s	3923.4	 that they're unduly influenced. But but if you ask them, or do you think other people are they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3926.6s	3926.6	 would say, yes, of course, like, it's like, you know, when you're having a fucking slurpee, it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3930.4s	3930.4	 like, you know, do you think that this is unduly gonna hurt you know, it's 1200 calories of liquid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3937.0s	3937.0	 sugar. All right, I think we beat this horse to death. There's no solution. Just on the edges.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3942.2s	3942.2	 But let's let's go to Amazon, because I thought that this was a particularly interesting one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3946.6s	3946.6	 Amazon, I thought came out the best of everybody, and is the least likely to be broken up. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3952.8s	3952.8	 some of you agree with that. What were your impressions on Amazon's performance and Amazon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3960.4s	3960.4	 in terms of being broken up? Let's start with you, Friedberg, and then we'll go back to Shamath.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3964.9s	3964.9	 I think the intention of antitrust laws obviously is to protect consumers and protect markets and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3970.6s	3970.6	 protect market pricing from being manipulated by monopolists, monopolies. And so, you know, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3978.0s	3978.0	 point that was made about Walmart years ago is the same point that's being made about Amazon today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3982.2s	3982.2	 which is that they're crushing small local businesses. And as a result, there is a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3989.4s	3989.4	 of damage being done, and they are quote unquote, too powerful. But the reality is that the the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=3994.9s	3994.9	 pricing effect of what they're doing is what needs to ultimately be scrutinized. And I think is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4000.5s	4000.5	 will ultimately drive whether or not these guys have either some massive penalty or get forced to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4005.0s	4005.0	 break up. And so you ask yourself the question, look, if I'm going to buy, call it a mattress,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4010.2s	4010.2	 or let's let's use something like a pillow. Is it cheaper for me to buy that pillow as a consumer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4015.4s	4015.4	 through Amazon or from the local store? Now, what if the local store is put out of business because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4020.6s	4020.6	 of Amazon, and now Amazon is the only place I can get a pillow? Is the pillow now going to be more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4026.2s	4026.2	 expensive or less expensive than it would have been otherwise? And I think that is the lens by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4031.7s	4031.7	 which we need to kind of assess and the regulators will ultimately assess whether or not Amazon is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4036.2s	4036.2	 causing harm in the marketplace because of its position and its power. Look, I have several
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4043.0s	4043.0	 businesses that sell on Amazon. And it is fucking expensive. One of my companies I'm on the board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4049.4s	4049.4	 of we've been the number one food product on Amazon multiple times. And we kind of slide up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4055.0s	4055.0	 and down the top 10. Can you say what that is? Yeah, soylent, soylent. And so we sell a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4059.4s	4059.4	 soylent on Amazon. And it is expensive, man. I mean, the fulfillment, the shipping, the advertising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4067.5s	4067.5	 fees, they force you to pay. I will tell you that as a business owner or board member of a business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4072.9s	4072.9	 that sells and I have several others that sell on Amazon, too. It is a it is a grind. And it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4079.3s	4079.3	 cheaper for us to sell directly through Shopify. Why don't you just raise the price on Amazon?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4085.0s	4085.0	 So to some extent, so Amazon, this is actually part of the problem. So Amazon forces certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4090.4s	4090.4	 best pricing negotiations. If you're a large seller on Amazon, you have to make sure in order for them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4095.5s	4095.5	 to promote you and make you kind of a sponsored item and show you at the top of the list, you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4099.8s	4099.8	 to give them the best deal sort of like what Walmart does, right? You can't have a cheaper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4103.0s	4103.0	 price anywhere else. Got it. So that was something that did not come up, they force you to have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4107.8s	4107.8	 best price there, even if you charge more on your website in these negotiated deals. Yeah. And so you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4113.6s	4113.6	 have to make sure that you're providing and I'm not sure what the deal is specifically with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4118.2s	4118.2	 soylent. So I don't want to kind of speak incorrectly here. But I know that the same thing from other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4122.6s	4122.6	 folks. What if that is kind of part of what happens? And so I will tell you, like it is harder for it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4127.9s	4127.9	 is cheaper for me to sell soylent. I think it's cheaper for some of these products to be sold.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4133.4s	4133.4	 I can tell you my other company, which we sell quinoa, it's cheaper for us to sell through retail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4137.9s	4137.9	 stores than it is to sell on Amazon. We actually give up more margin selling on Amazon. Then why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4141.7s	4141.7	 would you do it? Because of the volume and because they've aggregated all the consumers. So you've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4145.6s	4145.6	 made the decision as an entrepreneur to sell you quinoa in all places, even though you lose some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4150.8s	4150.8	 margin, you make it back in aggregate. Well, this goes to the market. Well, this goes to the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4156.0s	4156.0	 problem because now I have less choice as a business owner because the only place I can find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4161.0s	4161.0	 consumers is in this online marketplace called Amazon. I can no longer go sell at 50 local
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4165.8s	4165.8	 grocery stores because people don't go to the freaking local grocery stores anymore. And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4169.4s	4169.4	 obviously a little bit of an extreme statement. But let's say I'm a pillow guy. I can't go sell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4172.6s	4172.6	 at 50 pillow stores because they've all been shut down because all the consumers go to Amazon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4176.3s	4176.3	 But could you also sell at Target and Walmart and those other competitors who seem to be doing just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4181.2s	4181.2	 pretty well actually? They're doing well. Yeah. And a lot of people have said that they're the kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4186.6s	4186.6	 exceptions, but there's a thousand versions of Sears and other stores that haven't done as well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4190.9s	4190.9	 Walmart and Target just happen to be extremely well run businesses. But there's nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4194.7s	4194.7	 fundamental. What if Amazon kicked you off the platform and said we're not going to allow third
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4198.2s	4198.2	 party sellers? Would you be happier? Or would you be sadder? It would be sadder. Got it. Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4203.4s	4203.4	 what are your thoughts? Amazon specific? Yeah, I think David said it really well upfront,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4210.1s	4210.1	 which is that it's a it's kind of a when and not an if. So it's, you know, Amazon today, I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4218.2s	4218.2	 is at risk just because it's in market is so big. But I think within five or 10 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4224.9s	4224.9	 it definitely will be looked at through the same lens as Facebook and Google and actually just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4231.8s	4231.8	 those two. Look, and I think David said it also really well, like the antitrust law that you would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4237.8s	4237.8	 get, you know, to be successful if applied to Facebook and Google has nothing to do with users
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4244.3s	4244.3	 and content. And it has everything to do with the pricing of the ads to their customers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4249.9s	4249.9	 And if anybody actually were smart enough to figure out whether there was some way in which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4255.2s	4255.2	 their auctions were working, that was effectively pricing inventory in a market quote unquote, or in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4262.2s	4262.2	 a system manipulated way, that's probably the best hook to nab one of these folks in antitrust law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4268.1s	4268.1	 But other than that, it's going to be regulation in terms of Amazon, I think they're going to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4271.8s	4271.8	 away unscathed. What's incredible, by the way, is, you know, two days later, they're like, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4275.4s	4275.4	 by the way, we just got an FCC license, and we're going to launch a $10 billion satellite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4280.2s	4280.2	 constellation. And, you know, if you if you looked at their RFP to the FCC, the number of people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4288.1s	4288.1	 you know, basically complained and cried, it was incredible. By the way, I think this is a huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4293.9s	4293.9	 important point that we haven't made, which is the benefit of scale for large innovative companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4299.6s	4299.6	 there is no way any company would have out of the blue been able to afford a $10 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4303.8s	4303.8	 distributed satellite program without having customers and all this other stuff lined up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4307.5s	4307.5	 Amazon can afford to take that risk, just like Alphabet has taken the risk with self driving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4311.8s	4311.8	 cars and did so before anyone else for many years, which is a net benefit for society,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4315.5s	4315.5	 correct? Which is a net benefit for society. So by having scale, by having incredible profits,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4320.2s	4320.2	 and then by reinvesting it in R&D, creating jobs, innovating, it's the only way this kind of stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4325.1s	4325.1	 is going to get done. You're not going to get it done by breaking up these companies and having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4328.6s	4328.6	 100 companies that only have $10 million of profit each. And then each of them are, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4332.9s	4332.9	 no one at all can afford to do these grand important projects that move markets forward.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4338.6s	4338.6	 Ultimately, for humanity, Freberg, you see these trillion dollar plus companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4343.0s	4343.0	 as because they can make those big swings, a net benefit for humanity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4347.4s	4347.4	 As a technologist, and as a kind of person that hopes for the future,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4351.7s	4351.7	 I hope I hope that they that these sorts of companies can continue to persist,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4357.0s	4357.0	 and that they're led by people that want to take innovative risks with R&D dollars. And by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4361.8s	4361.8	 if they don't, they're going to fucking fail eventually, right? It's these guys that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4365.3s	4365.3	 leading these companies and putting these crazy bets on crazy new ideas that are allowing these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4371.5s	4371.5	 businesses to remain competitive. And if they didn't, and you know, some big company manager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4377.4s	4377.4	 were to come in and start running these things and distributing cash and dividends back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4380.6s	4380.6	 shareholders, these wouldn't be happening. And you know, capitalism would take care of itself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4385.1s	4385.1	 And then the next big innovative risk taker that can generate a profit and reinvest that profit in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4390.2s	4390.2	 a smart way would end up winning in the marketplace. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4393.0s	4393.0	 Sacks, you are a big investor in SpaceX at Kraft Ventures, I understand. And when you see Bezos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4400.5s	4400.5	 copy every single thing Elon does from, you know, launching the rockets to then putting up the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4406.0s	4406.0	 satellites, do you think he's just a copycat? Well, you know, I think he's the scariest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4412.7s	4412.7	 monopolist out of the whole bunch. You know, if you look at kind of Amazon versus say Google or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4418.8s	4418.8	 Facebook or Apple, I mean, those other companies are sort of sticking to their original footprint,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4423.5s	4423.5	 whereas Amazon keeps expanding into new areas. You know, that whole mantra he has about your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4429.6s	4429.6	 profit is my opportunity. And so, yeah, with each, you know, with each advancement they make,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4435.5s	4435.5	 as they get into, you know, as they get to a new level of scale, they then turn around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4439.8s	4439.8	 and seek to take over kind of the, you know, the areas that their vendors or business partners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4448.4s	4448.4	 are operating. And so, you know, it started with, first they did retail, you know, books,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4452.2s	4452.2	 and then they expanded to other areas of retail, and then they take over infrastructure. And now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4457.0s	4457.0	 there's talk about them getting into freight or trucking. And so, yeah, they keep expanding into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4462.5s	4462.5	 these new areas. And it's really a statement about our politics. I agree with Jamal that Bezos went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4468.6s	4468.6	 pretty much unscathed. And I think it has a lot to do with, you know, he did win the internet with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4473.2s	4473.2	 that opening statement that he gave. It was a really sort of great, you know, rags to riches,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4478.7s	4478.7	 only in America type story. And so, I think I agree, so he's going to get away pretty unscathed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4484.2s	4484.2	 but I do think that they are the scariest monopolists of the bunch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4488.0s	4488.0	 Well, comment specifically on him copying every one of Elon Musk's ideas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4491.5s	4491.5	 Well, you know, copying is, it is sort of a part of the game, you know. It is part of the game. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4502.1s	4502.1	 I've heard you attack Zuckerberg for doing the same thing. And, you know, look, I get it. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4508.8s	4508.8	 we prize innovation and we love innovators. But as soon as you say that you can't, that other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4516.0s	4516.0	 companies can't copy those innovations, you do stifle progress.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4519.4s	4519.4	 I look at it as more how consistently do you do that as your playbook. When you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4525.7s	4525.7	 Amazon Basics, this is the point I wanted to make when I made it in my earlier podcast,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4532.1s	4532.1	 which was, you know, the Amazon Basics and the third party seller system is the thing that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4538.3s	4538.3	 they keyed in on these hearings. They did not key in on the issue of that Freberg brought up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4544.2s	4544.2	 which was what is the margin they're taking from those third party sellers, which I think would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4548.3s	4548.3	 have been a much more deft approach to questioning them. But when it comes to third party sellers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4556.2s	4556.2	 the fact is, they're allowing people to compete with them on their own platform, which drives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4562.1s	4562.1	 prices so low. And when they make a better USB-C cable, that doesn't take a genius to make a better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4569.0s	4569.0	 cable. So do you think Amazon Basics should be allowed and is great for humanity? Or do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4576.2s	4576.2	 think that that using of the data because they have the sales data on it is in some way abhorrent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4582.5s	4582.5	 and a problem given the way antitrust laws are currently framed for Sachs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4589.4s	4589.4	 Well, okay, so I think this is an area where so the area you're talking about is the way that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4596.6s	4596.6	 these platforms treat the applications or small businesses that operate on their platforms. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4601.8s	4601.8	 I do think this is a good area for Congress to keep scrutinizing. There's a saying in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4609.6s	4609.6	 chess that the threat is greater than the execution. So sort of a chess strategy principle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4613.8s	4613.8	 I think that's true here where we, I think the execution would be a disaster if we actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4619.6s	4619.6	 impose a lot of these rules, if we broke up these companies, if we stopped Amazon from innovating,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4625.3s	4625.3	 I think that would be a disaster for those companies and for the economy. Because I do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4631.3s	4631.3	 think they do a lot of good things, but in a weird way, I think we have to keep threatening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4636.1s	4636.1	 to do those things in order to get these companies not to do anti-competitive things. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4641.2s	4641.2	 we heard Bezos say that he couldn't guarantee that they weren't using their sellers data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4650.3s	4650.3	 in inappropriate ways, basically to break Amazon's own policy. And so I think you do have to apply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4655.8s	4655.8	 this kind of scrutiny to these companies because I don't think we want to be retroactively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4662.8s	4662.8	 remediating a situation. I don't think we want to be breaking them up or doing something like that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4666.0s	4666.0	 but I do think we want them second guessing these anti-competitive decisions before they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4670.7s	4670.7	 actually happen. Because otherwise- So some scrutiny, some rules,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4677.1s	4677.1	 but we certainly don't want to ankle them versus their competitors in China. As we wrap up here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4682.5s	4682.5	 because we're getting way past our hour, we're now at 80 minutes and we set a max of 90 here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4688.1s	4688.1	 is what we all agreed on. I want to talk about the election. We are now at the 100 day mark.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4693.8s	4693.8	 We all thought Biden was a shoo-in. Now I have my own thesis. I want to float it and see what you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4699.8s	4699.8	 guys think. You had Trump start wearing a mask last week, telling everybody they should wear masks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4707.8s	4707.8	 Now there's universal discussion of wearing masks. We've got a little bit of vaccine hope,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4711.9s	4711.9	 and then we'll get to Friedberg's position on is that vaccine false gold or is it actual reality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4717.2s	4717.2	 But we know that masks are going to take three or four weeks if they're implemented properly for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4724.2s	4724.2	 us to see the caseload go down, which then the caseload starts going down, and three or four weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4729.1s	4729.1	 after that, the debts would start going down. We may have even seen a little plateau in the number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4733.3s	4733.3	 of cases. Cases is ramping up. We hit a record 850 or 900,000 just yesterday at the time of taping,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4739.3s	4739.3	 I think on the 29th of July. Now my thesis is Trump goes all in on masks. The vaccine starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4748.4s	4748.4	 to show promise right as the debates start. He gets in there with Biden. We see caseloads go down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4756.6s	4756.6	 We see debts plummet. We get down under 250 deaths per day in America. By September 15th,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4764.8s	4764.8	 the market rips and on end of September, we have the first presidential debate. Biden dunks on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4771.2s	4771.2	 senile or maybe not crisp Biden. Trump sells in and we were just talking two months ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4778.2s	4778.2	 anything could happen, but Trump was definitely not going to be there. Let's go around the horn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4782.9s	4782.9	 Friedberg vaccine false gold or really promising and what happens in the election.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4790.4s	4790.4	 I think there's tons of promise with vaccine news in the next two months, three months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4798.6s	4798.6	 I guess the point is you're going to hear more upside than you're going to hear downside news
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4803.1s	4803.1	 on vaccines for sure. Whether or not we have a vaccine and by when and yada yada.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4807.4s	4807.4	 Percentage chance we have a vaccine. We're going to have a vaccine. I think it's a function of how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4812.3s	4812.3	 many doses at what point in time. There is this 30,000 trial happening with Moderna right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4821.0s	4821.0	 There's a Russian vaccine that just got approved yesterday in Russia that they're saying is ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4825.1s	4825.1	 to go and they're starting to distribute it. There are vaccines. This is a known known.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4831.9s	4831.9	 That news will only continue to improve and build and there'll only be more and more indications of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4836.8s	4836.8	 success with vaccines between now and November. How that affects markets, I think I'm not sure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4843.2s	4843.2	 that drives markets as much as some of the other stuff that's going on in markets with the Fed and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4849.9s	4849.9	 with policy and with stimulus packages. I think those are frankly important drivers right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4856.1s	4856.1	 and how much the markets ultimately affect the election. I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4859.5s	4859.5	 Um, so, uh, yeah, it's still, it's, it's all still pretty uncertain. Um,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4864.8s	4864.8	 who's going to win that? I think it's pretty uncertain. I, I,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4868.6s	4868.6	 okay, you have to put your entire net worth on one person go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4873.8s	4873.8	 Um, yeah, I, I, I still think Trump is, um, I, I, I kind of have been, uh, vacillating on this. I,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4881.8s	4881.8	 I think Trump is probably, uh, only going to improve from here on out. So your entire net
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4887.4s	4887.4	 worth is on the line in three to place your bet. I'd go Trump. Wow. Wow. It's still, it's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4895.5s	4895.5	 it's still, it's still to me. I mean, Trump has, has gotta be the huge underdog here. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4899.4s	4899.4	 right now it looks like buying is going to win. I mean, his basement strategy could backfire in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4904.0s	4904.0	 the sense that if, you know, fundamental conditions improve with respect to COVID or the economy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4909.4s	4909.4	 the fact that he hasn't said anything, done anything, gone anywhere, um, you know, it, it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4914.5s	4914.5	 it could, it could turn out to be a mistake, but right now it, it looks like it's working. And, um,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4920.9s	4920.9	 and you know, Trump seems to be completely knocked off his game. Um, you know, just earlier in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4925.8s	4925.8	 week, he floated this trial balloon about delaying the election that was completely shot down by,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4931.3s	4931.3	 um, Republicans. And it seems like he says- When you saw that, what did you think as a Republican?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4935.8s	4935.8	 When you saw him tweet that, what did you think? What was your emotional,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4938.6s	4938.6	 visceral reaction as our token? You know, I'm not, uh, I, I don't, I don't necessarily identify
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4944.2s	4944.2	 with, with partisan politics. So let me just, I have to state that. But what was your reaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4948.4s	4948.4	 as an American to him saying delay the election? Of course, everybody, everybody shot it down for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4952.6s	4952.6	 your reaction. Everybody shot it down for good reason. Not everybody, your reaction, of course,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4958.3s	4958.3	 we're not going to delay the election. We've, you know, um, you know, we, we haven't delayed the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4963.6s	4963.6	 we didn't delay the election to, to fight. He's so scared of being pinned as a Republican. He's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4969.2s	4969.2	 it's not going to fuck with your deal flow, Sachs. You can be a Republican.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4973.4s	4973.4	 Okay. Your entire net worth, we have to wrap your entire net worth Sachs. You could right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4979.1s	4979.1	 three, two, net worth. Yeah. Right now it looks like Biden's going to win. Trump's been knocked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4983.5s	4983.5	 off his game. And, and we need to say, like, I think the problem that Trump has right now is he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4987.9s	4987.9	 a salesman without a sales pitch. Um, you know, you go back to the state of the union pre COVID,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4993.4s	4993.4	 he had it all worked out. He was going to run on the greatest economy ever. Keep America great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=4998.4s	4998.4	 That issue has been taken away from him. And it seems like he's still trying to regain his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5002.5s	5002.5	 footing. He's trying to figure out what to run on. And the fact that he can't do these rallies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5006.5s	5006.5	 which were really, you know, the fact that he was able to go in 2016 to these swing States,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5011.4s	5011.4	 he would be, you know, flying around on his plane and, and he would three, he did three rallies a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5015.9s	5015.9	 day in these swing States with tens of thousands of people. He wanted it. He wanted to win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5020.5s	5020.5	 It was, it was, it was that. And it gave him a way to go over the heads of the media and speak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5024.5s	5024.5	 directly to the people. And then those people talk to other people. There's a lot of word of mouth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5029.4s	5029.4	 And so he hit the inability for him to hold those rallies, I think has just been, um, devastating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5035.6s	5035.6	 for the type of campaigning that he likes to do. And so in a weird way, we have less than a hundred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5040.4s	5040.4	 days to the election, but it feels like the campaign hasn't really started yet because Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5044.7s	5044.7	 can't do rallies and Biden hasn't left his basement. Okay. Trimoth entire net worth on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5052.2s	5052.2	 line. All SPACs, SPAC B, SPAC C, SPAC D, whatever you got SPAC up all your SPACs on the line,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5060.2s	5060.2	 everything, the warrior's position three, two, two, but we don't need to guess, but I'll tell you why.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5067.7s	5067.7	 Um, you know, uh, we had a 33% drop in GDP. We have double digit unemployment and I think Trump's real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5075.0s	5075.0	 path to winning the white house, which we talked about before was getting an enormous stimulus bill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5081.4s	5081.4	 passed and he didn't force the Republican Senate to the table to make sure that these unemployment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5087.8s	5087.8	 benefits didn't roll off. Now there's a very practical problem with these unemployment benefits,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5093.7s	5093.7	 which is that it is not administered at the federal level. It's administered by literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5098.2s	5098.2	 50 state agencies that run relatively decrepit software. Now, just so you guys know, why did we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5103.9s	5103.9	 pick $600? It was an estimated numerical average because what the Republicans really wanted to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5109.8s	5109.8	 was just top it up, you know, whatever you used to get to get to a hundred and it was technically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5115.0s	5115.0	 not feasible to implement across 50 different insurance. So somebody in Boise, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5120.8s	5120.8	 is different than somebody in New York. So they were like, ah, 600 bucks. So my point is, uh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5127.1s	5127.1	 it's going to take four to eight weeks to re implement unemployment insurance. Once we decide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5133.5s	5133.5	 what we're going to do. So that basically, if you started today, puts you somewhere between September
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5139.4s	5139.4	 one and October one. And the, you know, so you have then 30 days to basically catch a positive tailwind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5147.7s	5147.7	 or 60 days. So call it midpoint 45 days. You know, you have now federal eviction laws that are rolling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5152.8s	5152.8	 off. So I think that it's setting itself up for a different, very difficult path. Um, he just stopped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5159.9s	5159.9	 spending, I believe in Michigan Trump did, um, which is, you know, not a good sign. Um, he actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5167.2s	5167.2	 has overspent in Georgia. Um, so if you look at the facts on the ground,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5173.2s	5173.2	 your entire net worth goes on. No, Biden, it's a, it's a languishing campaign. As of today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5179.2s	5179.2	 David is right. He's a salesman without a pitch. And unfortunately, he's a, the path isn't clear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5185.2s	5185.2	 The path should have been paved with money. It's such a no brainer. Oh, here, let me, let me give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5190.4s	5190.4	 you one last call that money too. And why would you stop printing the money? If you gave everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5195.6s	5195.6	 $1,200 and six weeks of unemployment, why not spend the money on the insurance? Why not spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5201.1s	5201.1	 unemployment? Why not just do it for another six weeks and give everybody another 1200? I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5205.5s	5205.5	 understand why that's such a difficult decision for Trump. Freebird. Go. Let me give you a scary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5210.0s	5210.0	 poll that just came out by you gov. It says, um, 55% of supporters of Donald Trump say that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5216.8s	5216.8	 will not accept the election victory of Joe Biden if mail in a boats are, are, are allowed. Wow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5223.6s	5223.6	 So the framing of this is actually a little bit more serious than just who's going to win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5229.0s	5229.0	 There is a further polarization, constitutional crisis question, rioting, you know, whatever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5234.9s	5234.9	 disregard for the election entirely kind of moment coming up here because Trump and others have kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5240.9s	5240.9	 of framed this as such a non-election election because it's all fake and it's all fake news.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5246.2s	5246.2	 And you know, this is all part of the conspiracy. So there is something scary brewing, I think. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5251.2s	5251.2	 that's what I'm kind of most interested in tracking is really, where does this all go?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5255.5s	5255.5	 Percentage chance that we get to a constitutional crisis and Trump says I'm not leaving the white
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5259.8s	5259.8	 house on a percentage basis. Freebird. I don't think he'll say I'm not leaving the white house.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5264.9s	5264.9	 I think he's going to be fucking happy to go back to wherever he's going to go. Yeah. But I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5269.4s	5269.4	 it's, I think there's going to be other ramifications that are worth us figuring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5272.6s	5272.6	 out and thinking about because that's the scary stuff that's coming next.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5275.5s	5275.5	 Okay. 25% chance of a constitutional crisis. I think if the election's close, we could easily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5280.4s	5280.4	 have like a Gore v. Bush type situation. It could be very damaging for the Republic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5287.0s	5287.0	 I do not think there'll be a hanging chat issue in this election. This is going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5291.4s	5291.4	 one way or the other incredibly decisive on an electoral college level.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5295.5s	5295.5	 Okay. Final. It's not set up for it to be that close.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5300.6s	5300.6	 Okay. Well, I don't think the election is right now, it's not trying to be close at all. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5304.1s	5304.1	 trying to be a blowout. And so I think we'll avoid the crisis because it's not close. And it looks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5309.1s	5309.1	 like Biden's going to run away with it. But if it does get super close, I could imagine there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5315.0s	5315.0	 being a crisis based on people not accepting. If the margin of error is within the margin of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5320.2s	5320.2	 these mail-in ballots and you have 30, 40% of the population saying they're not going to accept it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5326.2s	5326.2	 I'm not saying we'll have like a legal crisis, but I think you could have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5329.5s	5329.5	 a legitimacy crisis. It could be very bad for the Republic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5333.3s	5333.3	 Not as bad as Trump's presidency, clearly. So final question, final, final question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5339.1s	5339.1	 If Trump believes he's not going to win, and he's essentially given up right now, which it feels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5344.8s	5344.8	 like he's kind of given up, what would do you think who would win if Trump says Nikki Haley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5351.3s	5351.3	 and Pence can run? I've done such an amazing job. I've been the best president in the history of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5356.2s	5356.2	 the union, but I want to get back to my life. And I think Pence, Nikki Haley should go for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5361.6s	5361.6	 What happens and who wins? Sax, too late for that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5365.8s	5365.8	 Just wait for that. You can't, you can't put Pence and Nikki Haley on the ballot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5369.4s	5369.4	 Of course you can. If he says, I'm feeling under it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5373.2s	5373.2	 If he bows out, the Republicans would have to pick a successor. It's not a new third party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5377.8s	5377.8	 The Republicans would be allowed to pick a successor. If he said, I'm not doing it for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5383.1s	5383.1	 health reasons, whatever the reason he comes up with, who wins? Nikki Haley? No? Too silly?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5389.6s	5389.6	 I think he might drop out. I think I'm putting it out there. I think it's a 5% chance he doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5394.2s	5394.2	 want to be demolished. And he says, you know what? I'll take the deal. You agree to not prosecute me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5399.0s	5399.0	 getting out of here. I'll take it. And I changed my bet to Joe Biden. I've changed my bet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5405.4s	5405.4	 After this, after you risked your whole net worth, you changed to Joe Biden.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5408.9s	5408.9	 He's clearly the favorite right now. And the question is whether there's still time for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5412.6s	5412.6	 there to be a change. I mean, honestly, I think we should stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5416.2s	5416.2	 betting on what the outcome is. I think it's stupid. I think what we should really be worried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5420.0s	5420.0	 about is what are we doing, like letting tens of millions of Americans roll off of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5427.1s	5427.1	 unemployment insurance with zero, like the Republican Senate went on vacation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5433.8s	5433.8	 It's ridiculous. I mean, they should all be fired. It's the craziest thing. We have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5439.3s	5439.3	 biggest crisis in our lifetime. If you roll up the last three crises, 9-11,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5444.3s	5444.3	 dot-com bust and the Great Recession, those three pale in comparison to the magnitude of this one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5450.4s	5450.4	 And these motherfuckers are going on vacation. I agree with you. It's outrageous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5454.7s	5454.7	 I don't think partisan politics are that interesting, but I think they will eventually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5458.2s	5458.2	 pass a bill. I think the issue on the unemployment is not that the Republicans don't support an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5464.5s	5464.5	 extension of unemployment, but the magnitude of the unemployment now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5469.4s	5469.4	 exceeds what workers would get if they went back to work. And so I think they're concerned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5473.3s	5473.3	 about creating a disincentive for workers going back to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5476.7s	5476.7	 So why not split the difference? Why not make it $300?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5479.2s	5479.2	 Honestly, it is such fake fucking news. It has been shown that people then end up spending that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5484.2s	5484.2	 money. I don't know if you guys saw, but there are industries that are posting, it's not just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5490.2s	5490.2	 Facebook, Amazon and Google, posting meat and beets like you wouldn't believe. In boating,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5495.3s	5495.3	 in housing, people are spending this money. It drives GDP. So whether you put 600 or 200 or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5501.6s	5501.6	 1200 into people's pockets, they have a proclivity to spend it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5505.4s	5505.4	 They should have gotten something done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5508.3s	5508.3	 Trump, as well as all the Republicans are up for reelection, I think would just cave on this issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5512.1s	5512.1	 And I think it will get done. The Republicans are opposing it are the ones who aren't up for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5518.3s	5518.3	 reelection and are concerned about debt. That's the concern that all of a sudden people have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5524.9s	5524.9	 What does debt matter if we go into a depression, David? Why not the incremental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5529.5s	5529.5	 six weeks of unemployment, put it at $300, but get something done, David. Why are you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5534.8s	5534.8	 not getting something done, David? Why is your team fucking this up, David?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5540.2s	5540.2	 Yeah, I don't wear a jersey. I'm not on a team. But I think they will get something done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5546.6s	5546.6	 When they're back from vacation, do you think they should have gone on vacation?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5550.3s	5550.3	 They're going on their own vacation, David. They can't, they got to come back to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5553.6s	5553.6	 These guys went duck hunting instead of taking care of the 15 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5557.4s	5557.4	 Your team went duck hunting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5559.0s	5559.0	 They're not in Washington, D.C.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5562.1s	5562.1	 Obviously, there's a lot of, there's enough Republicans who want to get something done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5565.1s	5565.1	 I mean, why not blame the Democrats for being too intransigent?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5568.0s	5568.0	 Sorry, what I'm saying is it's not Republican. I'm saying the entire senate is on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5571.4s	5571.4	 We're breaking your chops, Sax. The entire group should not have gone on vacation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5577.1s	5577.1	 The entire, half of the Congress is gone. They're about to be found.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5582.7s	5582.7	 Where are they? What are they doing that's more important?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5586.5s	5586.5	 Maybe they're hanging out in their basement like Biden.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5589.7s	5589.7	 I love you guys. All right, everybody stay safe on behalf of the dictator himself,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5595.7s	5595.7	 bestie C, the SPAC Meister himself. Stay safe, Chamath. On behalf of the Queen of Quinoa,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5604.6s	5604.6	 the Friedberger himself. Stay safe, David Friedberg, in whichever one of your three houses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5611.7s	5611.7	 you're in right now. And, and Terrain Man. He's definitely, don't burn baby. He's definitely a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5624.2s	5624.2	 great driver in the driveway. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, he's definitely investing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5628.9s	5628.9	 I gotta watch Wapner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5630.1s	5630.1	 Wapner, and of course, you have the fish sticks. And of course, he's still investing from Kraft.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5633.7s	5633.7	 Certainly, Kraft Fund's still investing. We'll see you all next time on the sixth most popular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5639.0s	5639.0	 podcast out of the gate. Let's see, maybe if you tell your friends about this podcast,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5643.4s	5643.4	 we'll go to number one on the technology list. I love you boys. Stay safe. Can't wait to play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgCOfvSKDQ&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=138&t=5647.9s	5647.9	 poker. Bye. Great job, everybody.
