https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=0.0s	0.0	 Is Chamath in a room with his PR crew right now like rehearsing and practicing and this pod is ruined
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=6.6s	6.6	 Hey everybody, so I just wanted to make sure based on last week's pod it was absolutely clear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=29.6s	29.6	 I care about human rights. Many of you know my origin story, but for those of you that don't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=34.6s	34.6	 I was born in a country that's no stranger to civil war and religious and political persecution.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=40.2s	40.2	 Growing up my family and I felt those effects. It affected our safety. It's in part what led
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=46.1s	46.1	 my family to file for refugee status and stay in Canada. So this is a real part of my lived
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=51.0s	51.0	 experience. That said, I realized that what I said last week lacked empathy, particularly towards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=57.8s	57.8	 others who are dealing with persecution, in this case, the Uighurs. And based on what I read this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=63.8s	63.8	 week, I think what's happening to them in Western China is a terrible situation. I also want to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=69.9s	69.9	 about this idea about nobody caring. Look, if we take a step back and replace Uighur with other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=75.4s	75.4	 really important issues like the conflict in Yemen, the potential war in the Ukraine, gun control,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=81.2s	81.2	 school shootings, healthcare equity, we're faced with horrible events every day. However, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=87.4s	87.4	 unfortunate state of the world today is that we've also normalized this routine of being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=91.4s	91.4	 confronted with something tragic or horrible or unjust and being allowed to react with thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=96.3s	96.3	 and prayers. And this was the real intent of what I was trying to get across. So when I talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=101.3s	101.3	 my line, it's not about whether something matters or not. It's about which issues of all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=106.2s	106.2	 important issues we face every day, where I have the expertise and I believe I have the ability to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=112.4s	112.4	 have a real impact, even if just by a little. For me, those areas happen to be climate change,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=117.9s	117.9	 life sciences and deep tech. But just because this is where I spend my time, it's not to take away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=122.6s	122.6	 from any of the real work any of you are doing in other areas. And then lastly, I just wanted to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=128.0s	128.0	 explain to people who may be new to the pod, because of last week, that this is a place where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=133.1s	133.1	 four of us four friends talk about a whole wide range of things. We explore our curiosities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=138.4s	138.4	 we try to learn from each other, we challenge each other. But we've always done it in a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=142.9s	142.9	 supportive space. And I hope you keep that in mind as you listen and watch going forward. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=148.2s	148.2	 hopefully you can bring some of that to your own conversations. That's all I have to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=152.0s	152.0	 Well said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=154.3s	154.3	 Saks, I mean, I know you have something to say, but I'll say, I got a lot of messages this past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=160.0s	160.0	 week after the show where, which I felt a little bit hurt by and mischaracterized. And maybe it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=167.4s	167.4	 simply I said the wrong thing at the wrong time. And so I want to just be very clear about a couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=175.2s	175.2	 of points. If I can take a minute. That's all right with you guys. Yeah, so I said, I just wanted to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=179.9s	179.9	 I was gonna actually send this out on Twitter. And I decided it was better just to address it on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=182.9s	182.9	 pod. So to be clear, I strongly believe in and support absolute freedom of all people. And this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=191.5s	191.5	 means de facto, I strongly disagree with the suppression of free speech, denial of religious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=196.5s	196.5	 freedom, imprisonment, harm, capital punishment, slavery and genocide. I thought this was obvious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=203.3s	203.3	 when we were having our conversation, I did not know I needed to be not in favor of genocide.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=207.3s	207.3	 I'm not in favor of genocide. I'm not in favor of slavery or capital punishment or suppression of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=212.0s	212.0	 religious freedom. I thought this was obvious. The conversation I tried to have was the wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=218.2s	218.2	 conversation at the wrong time, which was to try to talk about the broader China v US narrative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=224.7s	224.7	 that is swelling and will continue to swell this decade. I think that the primary function of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=229.8s	229.8	 civilized society, or any advanced social system is to take care of and protect those that cannot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=235.4s	235.4	 take care of or protect themselves. And this is usually done by government. But when government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=240.4s	240.4	 fails, and government is in fact, the oppressor, I think it is the responsibility of other governments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=245.0s	245.0	 and other people to step in and have a voice and to take action. And so that is, that is kind of my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=251.2s	251.2	 moral framework. I think it's important. I don't deny any of the harm being done to the Uyghur
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=255.9s	255.9	 population in China. I don't agree with it on a principled basis. And I don't think that what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=260.3s	260.3	 Chinese government is doing is right. And the point that I was trying to make during our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=265.7s	265.7	 conversation was a very different one that I think got completely lost in the moment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=270.0s	270.0	 which was really just about what's going on with the China US narrative right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=274.7s	274.7	 I'm not pro China. I'm also not anti China. I am particularly interested in understanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=280.5s	280.5	 the broader China US dynamic, and what it means for the world over the coming decade and decades.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=285.3s	285.3	 I think it's really important for us when we evaluate these things, and to understand them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=290.2s	290.2	 to not just take sides, but to understand the context in the broadest way possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=295.2s	295.2	 And that's why I am trying to get both sides and understand the mindset of the people that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=300.2s	300.2	 involved in running these governments, and the way that this of this world is going to evolve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=304.8s	304.8	 as this economic tension continues to mount. And so that that's where I was trying to go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=310.8s	310.8	 And I was just trying to highlight where I think everything is headed over the next decade or two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=314.6s	314.6	 independent of what are obvious human rights issues going on. So let me just stop there and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=319.8s	319.8	 say thanks for letting me say that. But that was important for me to just be really clear on because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=323.8s	323.8	 clearly I wasn't clear last week. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=326.0s	326.0	 Well, I'll just add to what you said that I also thought it was implied that you care about these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=331.7s	331.7	 things and that you're not in favor of them. I didn't think that need to be spoken. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=336.1s	336.1	 it's nice that you're clarifying it. But I think any reasonable person would understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=340.5s	340.5	 if you care deeply as a vegan about factory farming, that you also care about humans and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=347.1s	347.1	 you know, genocide and torture or whatever issue. So I think it's like in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=352.9s	352.9	 your statement is so obvious that I wonder if you even had to have made it but I'm glad you did sex.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=359.3s	359.3	 Okay, so I guess first, I should say that, you know, what's happening to the Uyghurs in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=366.1s	366.1	 China is indefensible, you've got reports of upwards of a million, you know, of these people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=371.2s	371.2	 being held in detention camps, there's reports of mass sterilization and rape, it's like ethnic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=377.5s	377.5	 cleansing over there. So that's absolutely wrong. And it's one of a growing list of issues that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=383.6s	383.6	 have serious problems with China on it, which include theft of intellectual property, cyber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=388.8s	388.8	 espionage, the bullying of their neighbors, their crackdown on dissidents, the list goes on and on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=394.8s	394.8	 I mean, I think we have to be clear eyed about the challenge and the threat that China represents.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=399.1s	399.1	 And we've discussed that on this pod many times. That being said, you know, what I think we saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=405.6s	405.6	 this week was really about cancel culture, right? You had in response to last week's pod,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=412.0s	412.0	 you have this online mob form. And they want to take what Jamal said and interpret in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=418.0s	418.0	 worst possible light, so they can turn the outrage meter up to 11. And everyone gets to basically go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=423.2s	423.2	 on Twitter and virtue signal and say what great people they are, because Chamath is a bad person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=429.7s	429.7	 And I just want to speak to that issue. I mean, there's a huge amount of hypocrisy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=434.8s	434.8	 going on in that because how many of the people who are tweeting their outrage and their denunciation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=440.4s	440.4	 of Chamath are doing it from a device made by forced labor in China, wearing their Nikes made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=447.5s	447.5	 by forced labor in China on their way to target to buy cheap goods made in China? How many of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=452.8s	452.8	 people have actually lifted a finger in the real world to help the Uyghurs? How many of them have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=458.6s	458.6	 sacrificed an economic benefit in any way? And so when Chamath said nobody cares, I thought it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=465.5s	465.5	 a really startling statement by him. But if you define caring as doing something more than just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=472.8s	472.8	 virtue signaling and expressing your feelings as actually making a sacrifice or taking a risk in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=478.4s	478.4	 the real world, I thought he was frankly telling us a very uncomfortable truth. We haven't really,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=484.2s	484.2	 most of us done anything. And in that sense, I think the reason why his comments hit such a nerve,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=491.1s	491.1	 I don't think you get the kind of pile on that we got unless he's saying something that's hitting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=496.1s	496.1	 a nerve. And I think the nerve, the thing that he exposed is that we're not really doing more than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=501.1s	501.1	 virtue signaling on this issue. And then came all the, you know, all the hypocrites, you've got the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=506.9s	506.9	 NBA denouncing him issuing a statement when what have they done? I mean, when Darrell Morey spoke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=513.2s	513.2	 up on behalf of the protesters in Hong Kong, the NBA shut down and sanctioned him. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=519.1s	519.1	 LeBron James said he was uneducated. Actually, I think Darrell Morey was pretty educated about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=523.0s	523.0	 what was going on. So you've got those hypocrites, you got the White House issuing a statement,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=527.4s	527.4	 disavowing Chamath. But Hunter Biden went over to China to manage billions of dollars for them and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=532.8s	532.8	 profited by his business dealings over there. So there are a bunch of hypocrites. And the list goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=537.2s	537.2	 on and on. And so, you know, I think that if in order for the mob to summon the outrage that it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=544.8s	544.8	 summons, it requires them to, I would say, first, put the worst possible light on what Chamath is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=552.0s	552.0	 saying and to ignore, I'd say the fundamental truth of it and second to engage in this massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=557.1s	557.1	 hypocrisy. And that is the way that cancel culture operates. And I don't think we should buy into it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=562.8s	562.8	 So I appreciate what Chamath said. I think he's clarifying his remarks, he's showing that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=567.1s	567.1	 he does care and he does have empathy, as we all should. But I think there was a fundamental truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=572.7s	572.7	 in what Chamath said last week. And that is what people are so uncomfortable with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=578.4s	578.4	 Okay, well said. I have feelings. And most of all, I'm thankful we had the discussion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=586.4s	586.4	 The goal of this pod, I think what makes it special and why y'all who are listening come here every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=591.5s	591.5	 week is because you know, we're going to be honest with you. And we're going to tackle these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=594.5s	594.5	 hard discussions. And I think Friedberg's comments and Sax's comments really explain that and what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=602.1s	602.1	 our intent here is, and is human rights is one of the hardest issues to discuss. That's why you don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=607.4s	607.4	 hear it being discussed. And there are not easy answers. And I think, you know, I was challenged
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=614.2s	614.2	 by my besties on the episode and their questions and their challenges were absolutely critical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=621.5s	621.5	 How can we address how can we care about one group of people when the people in our backyard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=626.4s	626.4	 we're not caring about? Are we going to invade countries? These are very nuanced, difficult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=631.1s	631.1	 questions. But we must have this discussion. And if we try to cancel people with a 20 second clip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=638.0s	638.0	 that looks completely different, if you look at the two minute clip, or you take the time to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=642.6s	642.6	 a 40 minute listen of the whole segment, you get a totally different picture. And I think it's very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=649.6s	649.6	 important to talk about human rights. And it is an issue that I have been passionate about my whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=653.2s	653.2	 life. And I'm not trying to virtue signal or score any points here. But I know firsthand that raising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=659.1s	659.1	 awareness and having the discussions reduces the violations because dictators, death spots,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=664.0s	664.0	 and people doing this kind of stuff do not want the heat of what happened this past week. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=668.2s	668.2	 happened this past week is that more awareness was raised about the Uyghurs and the situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=674.3s	674.3	 that they're going through. I think then, you know, as somebody who's monitored the situation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=678.5s	678.5	 then I've seen in the last couple of years, perhaps this was a tipping point. And that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=682.8s	682.8	 something good that can come out of that discussion. Now, on a personal basis, I have had some feelings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=688.8s	688.8	 of guilt. Because I was very hard for me to watch what happened to Chamath this week and to watch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=694.7s	694.7	 people dunking on him. And then let's face it, I brought the topic up. And I dug in with my feelings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=701.8s	701.8	 And it got a little heated. And and I'm suddenly being portrayed as, you know, a hero in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=707.0s	707.0	 discussion. That's not the intent. And there's, there's no hero or villain in this. There is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=712.9s	712.9	 hard discussion in this. And I am extremely proud of my friendship with each of you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=718.6s	718.6	 especially you Chamath. I'm extremely proud of your candidness and tackling these issues and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=724.1s	724.1	 making people think about them. And, you know, I'm just so proud to be friends with each of you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=730.7s	730.7	 And I'm so proud of the work we hear we do here every week. And I think it's important work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=735.1s	735.1	 And I feel like I get smarter every week. And I hope the audience does too. And I hope we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=740.0s	740.0	 keep having these discussions. Can we make fun of each other? Yeah, now let's make fun of each other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=746.7s	746.7	 I mean, I don't know if we're allowed to laugh. This is like so serious and heavy, but so what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=751.1s	751.1	 you're saying is thank you Chamath. Now that's going to be good for 20 seconds. I'm going to get canceled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=758.4s	758.4	 Jason of Arc. Jason Calacanis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=763.6s	763.6	 But Sachs's point about, I mean, look, we've talked about cancel culture a lot on this show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=767.6s	767.6	 You know, we've always been, I think, generally able to be third party observers to what's happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=772.4s	772.4	 And it was really interesting to go through the cycle this week, where, you know, there was just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=778.9s	778.9	 kind of an echoing narrative on one thing that was said with one direction. There were a few pieces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=785.7s	785.7	 though, Chamath, right? I mean, it wasn't there a piece from the Atlantic and some other pieces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=788.8s	788.8	 that kind of highlighted that things that you said were things that a lot of people won't say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=794.0s	794.0	 And that's what was really so shocking for so many people. What's the Peter Thiel comment on this whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=800.7s	800.7	 on all of this stuff? If no one's saying it, it's probably true. Or if you're not allowed to say it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=805.7s	805.7	 it's probably true. Yeah. If you're not allowed to say it. Yeah. But yeah, it was really based on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=813.5s	813.5	 mob that formed. And, you know, it's already kind of blown over. And that's the way this kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=817.6s	817.6	 cancel culture starts. But for that sort of that white hot really intense day or two, you would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=823.1s	823.1	 think that like Chamath had practiced genocide himself, you know, it, you know, because everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=829.6s	829.6	 comes out and the way that they make themselves feel better is by virtue signaling on this issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=835.0s	835.0	 And again, I would just say that I think we should be thinking about what do we do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=840.6s	840.6	 You know, how do we actually make a difference because I don't think just virtually on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=845.5s	845.5	 issue is going to do it. And, you know, at the same time that this mob was forming against Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=854.0s	854.0	 we had a two hour Biden press conference in which Biden never mentioned the Uyghurs once,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=859.2s	859.2	 the press corps never mentioned the Uyghurs once. So does that mean the Uyghurs are below their line?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=865.3s	865.3	 You know, why wasn't it mentioned? You know, shouldn't we be ganging up on Biden? Why is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=871.3s	871.3	 you know, why is the press gang up on Chamath when they're not getting up on Biden for that? So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=875.6s	875.6	 there is a fair amount of hypocrisy here. I actually think Jason, I think you make an excellent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=879.1s	879.1	 point that by discussing these issues and raising these issues, it creates a little bit of a check
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=885.0s	885.0	 on the people perpetrating these atrocities because they don't like to be exposed that way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=889.9s	889.9	 And, you know, maybe we should be boycotting the Beijing Olympics. I mean, maybe that should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=894.6s	894.6	 on the table. Maybe we should be boycotting the NBA. I mean, let's have that conversation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=899.2s	899.2	 Yeah, or maybe everybody who goes there, I wouldn't want to see the athletes miss the Olympics,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=903.2s	903.2	 but maybe they can each just raise their hand and do a you or some sort of a signal to show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=909.0s	909.0	 they support the situation or they're aware of it with the Uyghurs. There could be some,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=913.6s	913.6	 you know, modest protest or statement they could make without ruining, you know, their lives work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=918.5s	918.5	 I always hate when the Olympics get canceled for some political reason, because I think those people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=923.2s	923.2	 work so hard for it. But raising awareness, you know, is a noble goal in all of this. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=929.3s	929.3	 also doing things is a noble goal. And yeah, I mean, it was very weird to watch the mob form,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=940.8s	940.8	 and then dissipate. And just who was, you know, taking the time to actually listen to the full
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=945.9s	945.9	 episodes was clear from that Atlantic article, and some of the nuance takes that they listen to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=949.8s	949.8	 full discussion because there are bullet points here like, like there was somebody asked me a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=955.7s	955.7	 challenging question, I think it might have been you, Freberg, like, are we going to start invading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=959.7s	959.7	 countries over human rights, and then there's more suffering and death and pain from the wars. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=965.5s	965.5	 when do you decide, as the democracies of the world to invade the dictatorships of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=971.6s	971.6	 to promote human rights, like this is a very difficult issue that the world has had to deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=977.6s	977.6	 with, sadly, before, and there is no easy answer there, you know, and I think that's a point that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=983.4s	983.4	 I also tried to make on the last episode, like Freberg did, which is, I think it's, I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=988.7s	988.7	 actually great to have these ideals. And we should have moral clarity about what's happening. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=993.6s	993.6	 think it what's happening is wrong. It's outrageous. It's an atrocity. But, but the question is what we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1001.6s	1001.6	 do about it. And, and the reality is, even though it's important to speak out about human rights,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1007.7s	1007.7	 these types of fulminations about human rights, when they become this sort of, you know, when people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1014.8s	1014.8	 when we get into this like frenzy, it's been the prelude and pretext for every misguided foreign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1019.9s	1019.9	 intervention that we've had over the last 20 years. And the example, the Iraq War, I mean, Saddam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1027.4s	1027.4	 Hussein was suddenly Hitler, you know, the goals of nation building Afghanistan for 20 years, our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1033.1s	1033.1	 invasion of Libya, we got rid of Gaddafi, and we replaced it with chaos. For years, we were talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1039.8s	1039.8	 about how evil the Taliban and their social system was. And then we just handed Afghanistan back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1044.0s	1044.0	 them a few weeks ago. Exactly. So, you know, and so these types of, you know, when you kind of you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1052.0s	1052.0	 whip people up over human rights, I mean, I agree with the sentiment, and I agree with the moral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1058.0s	1058.0	 clarity, but I also can't help but recognize that neocons and the military industrial complex,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1064.5s	1064.5	 and the Washington blob have used this type of rhetoric for decades to corral us and stampede us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1071.4s	1071.4	 into wars and foreign interventions that don't make any sense. And we all recognize after the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1076.0s	1076.0	 whole project has gone wrong, like Afghanistan, we become suddenly more realistic about the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1081.2s	1081.2	 thing. And suddenly, you know, we're not talking about, you know, the sort of the moral atrocities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1087.4s	1087.4	 of the Taliban anymore. But the discipline is still there. They're still there. The discipline,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1092.4s	1092.4	 though, is to be able to check ourselves before we get into these interventions. And I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1098.1s	1098.1	 think we do a good job of that. We're whipping ourselves up into these mobs. And we're in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1102.2s	1102.2	 frenzy. And the the raising awareness is something that has been lacking the, you know, certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1108.2s	1108.2	 organizations. And I think it's very important that we don't take organizations that have engaged
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1112.4s	1112.4	 with a country, let's say China, or Saudi Arabia, they may have engaged in good faith with the goal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1118.7s	1118.7	 of, you know, engagement is a positive for humanity in the world. Okay, if we engage with China,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1124.6s	1124.6	 and we are co dependent on each other, that will lead to a better arc for human rights and for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1130.9s	1130.9	 humanity and less wars, because our economies are entangled, and we do business together. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1135.6s	1135.6	 this is a fine premise. What the dictators and despots want you to do is to fight each other and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1141.7s	1141.7	 not look at the human rights atrocities. So it's easier for us to say, oh, the NBA, oh, Apple, oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1147.7s	1147.7	 you know, pick the the company or corporate interest or organization that has engaged.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1154.0s	1154.0	 But by raising awareness, consistently, it gives other people the ability to talk about this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1161.1s	1161.1	 Some organizations weren't willing to even talk about this or say the name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1164.8s	1164.8	 Uyghurs. And if we keep talking about the Uyghurs, the chances that that situation improves,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1169.1s	1169.1	 I think there is a chance it does improve. But I do think this like notion that the four of us can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1173.2s	1173.2	 get together on a podcast and not get canceled. Because you know, we don't collect money from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1177.7s	1177.7	 advertisers. And we started having these conversations amongst friends, and we just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1181.2s	1181.2	 put it on the internet. First of all, it's a great kind of reflection of what you can do in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1185.6s	1185.6	 the United States with the freedom of speech that we have. And we can just put this on the internet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1188.8s	1188.8	 anyone can watch it around the world. I don't know how many people are watching it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1192.6s	1192.6	 Mostly freedom of speech.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1194.2s	1194.2	 Mostly freedom of speech. But I do think that it's pretty valuable. And I do think that that's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1200.4s	1200.4	 you know, an important point for us is, you know, as much as Chamath got completely destroyed this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1205.8s	1205.8	 week. You know, the I gotta say, other than COVID, I'm feeling pretty good. You feel better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1213.1s	1213.1	 You're pretty bummed for a day or two. I mean, I think the COVID thing was scary,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1217.3s	1217.3	 because four of my five kids got it. So I was just like, Oh, my God,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1222.0s	1222.0	 how's everyone doing, by the way?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1225.0s	1225.0	 I'll be very honest with you. So between both houses, you know, mine and my ex wife's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1232.9s	1232.9	 four of the five kids got it. Our nanny got it. Nat did not. And the youngest baby did not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1240.1s	1240.1	 There's a real difference between in my house, how the boys experienced COVID and how the girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1247.4s	1247.4	 experienced COVID, quite honestly. It like we, you know, we've expressed certain symptoms,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1252.8s	1252.8	 specifically a really bad sore throat and a cough that the girls in our house did not. The girls had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1257.6s	1257.6	 more intestinal issues, the boys roughly did not. So it all manifested kind of in odd ways. But my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1264.0s	1264.0	 God, I mean, what a pain in the ass. Well, to be going through that, and then also like monitoring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1269.2s	1269.2	 Twitter and inbound, your phone must have been blowing up. I wasn't doing any of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1272.9s	1272.9	 Okay, Jason, start the pod. Let's go. All right. Well, okay, everybody. Welcome to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1276.7s	1276.7	 podcast with us. The Sultan of Science, who's got a new startup he launched. We'll hear about that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1282.0s	1282.0	 later in the show, the Rain Man himself and dare I say, the dictator. I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1292.1s	1292.1	 Yeah, it's not like we didn't warn you. We got a 63 episodes. We called him the dictator.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1297.4s	1297.4	 This was about to happen. Let's start the show everybody. You guys were like, after 20 years of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1301.5s	1301.5	 friendship, it's like, I don't know, the list is like 9,000 items long. I was like, yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1305.6s	1305.6	 I'm gonna cancel them. We got a long list. All right. So first up, I think we should start with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1313.4s	1313.4	 a duo of stories that relate to each other. Microsoft announced it's buying Activision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1317.6s	1317.6	 Blizzard for $68 billion of cash. Microsoft's got a lot of cash. And I think we all understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1326.8s	1326.8	 like why this is a great idea for Microsoft with Xbox. And obviously, Activision owns Call of Duty,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1332.7s	1332.7	 which has 120 million or so monthly active users. They also own a bunch of nerd stuff from Blizzard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1339.6s	1339.6	 like Diablo World Warcraft, my favorite StarCraft. And those have upwards of 40 million. They also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1344.6s	1344.6	 had Black King. If you remember that they make Candy Crush and those kind of casual games have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1348.6s	1348.6	 a quarter billion users. But even with all these, it's a highly fragmented market. But in related
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1354.5s	1354.5	 news, Alina Khan, the I believe 32 year old head of the FTC, who has written a bunch of pieces,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1363.2s	1363.2	 we talked about this on all in Episode 36, sat down with Kara Swisher and Andrew Ross Sorkin for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1369.5s	1369.5	 an interview. And basically, we're moving or she intends to move the goalposts on antitrust, I want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1377.2s	1377.2	 to play three clips and have you each react to them. Here's the first one. And this is her take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1381.8s	1381.8	 on changing the antitrust from consumer harm to now shift to does this deal and we'll take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1389.3s	1389.3	 Activision deal here as but one example, but you could take the Instagram and the YouTube deals as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1394.0s	1394.0	 well. Do these deals substantially reduce competition in the future? Let's watch the first clip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1400.7s	1400.7	 In certain cases, maybe too much success. And so the question is, when is the regulator supposed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1405.4s	1405.4	 to say this could work? And if it works, it's actually worked too well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1412.5s	1412.5	 It's an interesting question. And I think, you know, for enforcers, the real question is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1416.6s	1416.6	 is this a deal that could lessen competition? And in hindsight,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1421.1s	1421.1	 all deals to some degree, some degree, substantially lessen competition or tend to create a monopoly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1428.9s	1428.9	 And there's also indication that Congress wanted enforcers not just to act when, you know, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1433.6s	1433.6	 third and fourth companies are merging on the first and second, but actually in the incipiency,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1437.9s	1437.9	 when you said see trends towards concentration, that those can also be important moments for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1442.0s	1442.0	 enforcers to jump in. So what do we think, Freberg, about this sort of new rubric,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1450.1s	1450.1	 not consumer harm, because obviously, if Microsoft buys Activision and makes those part of Game Pass,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1456.1s	1456.1	 and you get Call of Duty for free with your Game Pass, and the Candy Crush games and Blizzard games,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1460.9s	1460.9	 that's good for consumers, they get a whole bunch of more games, it would be like Disney buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1464.2s	1464.2	 Star Wars, you get all the Star Wars stuff in Disney+, for the same low price.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1467.6s	1467.6	 Yeah, look, Sax is our legal eagle here. But I'll just say before, you know, he probably speaks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1474.8s	1474.8	 better informed than me. If it's not about consumer harm, and it's about decreasing competition,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1480.8s	1480.8	 in this broadly, I would argue, subjective sense, then what's scary is that there are going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1486.8s	1486.8	 decisions made by interpreters of what is and isn't competitive. And ultimately, if they're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1492.8s	1492.8	 trying to keep in mind the best interest of the consumer, then it is in fact, going to cause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1497.3s	1497.3	 consumer harm at some point, not necessarily in all deals that they block, but there will be deals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1502.2s	1502.2	 that they may block that may have benefited consumers, meaning prices go down, imagine having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1506.7s	1506.7	 all of your products integrated in one streaming service, instead of having to pay for three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1510.5s	1510.5	 streaming services. So instead of paying $70 across HBO Max, and Disney+, and Netflix, you get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1516.4s	1516.4	 everything in one. But today, the regulators would not let those businesses merge, because that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1520.8s	1520.8	 would be anti competitive under this context. And so this is going to be a touchy debate. And it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1525.6s	1525.6	 going to be difficult, I think, ultimately to rationalize this, if there is going to be a point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1530.0s	1530.0	 in the future where we can actually show that consumer harm would be caused by decreasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1534.4s	1534.4	 competition in the marketplace. And so I would be nervous about that subjectivity and the slippery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1539.1s	1539.1	 slope it enables. I think it's a great point. Think about it, if you had to pay instead of for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1542.9s	1542.9	 Disney+, you paid for Pixar+, Disney+, Marvel+, and Star Wars+, it'd be chaos in your household
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1548.4s	1548.4	 to manage all those accounts. It's a much better offering. Better consumer experience,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1551.9s	1551.9	 yeah, much better consumers and cheaper. And this is why, by the way, I said, sorry, I'll say this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1556.1s	1556.1	 is why I said in the past, it's we use the term monopoly as if it's de facto evil and bad. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1561.1s	1561.1	 not all monopolies or businesses that have very big moats is another way to kind of describe them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1566.2s	1566.2	 are necessarily bad for the customer. You get cheaper products, you get better products, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1570.8s	1570.8	 get more of an advantage, they may ultimately be yielded to be anti competitive in a harmful way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1576.2s	1576.2	 but not necessarily always. But let me explain to you where she's coming from. Like there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1580.0s	1580.0	 fundamental pillar of capitalism that says that excess returns must get competed away. So if a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1585.6s	1585.6	 capitalist system is to be efficient, if a company has profit margins of 99%, competitors emerge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1592.6s	1592.6	 pushing those profit margins down to something reasonable where you get to some sort of equilibrium.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1598.0s	1598.0	 And the whole principle of what she's saying is in the absence of competition, we don't really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1603.7s	1603.7	 know what the equilibrium return really looks like. And she's not saying that, but that is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1609.9s	1609.9	 implicitness of what she's saying. And so if you allow all of this stuff to aggregate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1617.1s	1617.1	 maybe Google shouldn't have 45% EBITDA margins, maybe in a really competitive society, they would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1623.6s	1623.6	 only have 18%. And that's actually better net for the system. The problem is that counterfactual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1629.6s	1629.6	 to your point, Friedberg is impossible to measure. How do you know? And how much value do you need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1634.0s	1634.0	 take away of the panoply of things that Google does to figure that out? And that's, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1637.9s	1637.9	 where the problem with it. But, you know, let's be clear. In 2019, I wrote in my annual letter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1644.4s	1644.4	 there's a section called the tightening of the regulatory noose, meaning it was a framework for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1649.9s	1649.9	 how to basically dismantle big tech. And element number one of that was a changing regulatory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1655.7s	1655.7	 landscape. And it's really incredible to see it in front of our eyes. We got a bill that just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1659.2s	1659.2	 left judiciary, right? That was effectively voted across the aisle. That's now going to go to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1665.2s	1665.2	 floor of the Senate, which is going to rewrite some of these anti-competitive laws.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1667.6s	1667.6	 It was like 75-25, and it was a 50-50 committee of Democrats and Republicans, so clearly across
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1672.1s	1672.1	 the aisle. Clearly across the aisle. And I mean, the funny thing about that was Spinestein and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1676.8s	1676.8	 Padilla, the two Democratic senators from California, where most of these companies are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1681.8s	1681.8	 in the Wall Street Journal article that I read, railed against it, but still voted for it to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1685.6s	1685.6	 to the floor. So I think some version of that is going to pass. She's going to go and scrutinize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1691.1s	1691.1	 these companies. I still think this Microsoft Activision deal on balance gets done. Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1695.9s	1695.9	 if you take the absolute values away from it, the reality is that it's an adjacent part of Microsoft's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1701.0s	1701.0	 core business, and there's nothing fundamentally monopolistic about what would happen if you let
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1706.1s	1706.1	 Microsoft and Activision come together. Could it reduce competition in the future,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1710.5s	1710.5	 I think would be her new lens. And if Xbox has Call of Duty, and Sony PlayStation doesn't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1716.7s	1716.7	 or the next console doesn't, maybe it does. You could make the argument, Sax, what are your takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1722.0s	1722.0	 on this? Very hard to apply standard of reducing future competition, because as Aaron Ross Sarkin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1728.6s	1728.6	 said very clearly, all of these reduce competition is now we got to get into what does the word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1734.2s	1734.2	 substantially mean in this context? Yeah, so my take on Lena Kahn is that she's got some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1739.6s	1739.6	 worthwhile observations on the problems posed by these big tech monopolies, but I don't think she's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1745.7s	1745.7	 got the right remedies. So on the observations, I think she's correct, broadly speaking, that these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1751.2s	1751.2	 big tech companies, the fangs, they have way too much power in the marketplace, they are now gatekeepers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1757.0s	1757.0	 over the internet, they control all these powerful platforms. And broadly speaking, it is time, I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1763.2s	1763.2	 think, to basically have some limits on those powers, make sure they don't abuse it. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1769.3s	1769.3	 she's also right, that the traditional standard of consumer harm doesn't really capture that sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1775.9s	1775.9	 of concept of market power for these free ad based services, right, because there is no pricing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1781.8s	1781.8	 And furthermore, I think she's got a point when she says that, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1785.2s	1785.2	 when you say no pricing, you mean Facebook and Google, the consumer doesn't pay. So how can there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1789.5s	1789.5	 be consumer harm, right? So clearly that standard of consumer harm doesn't really capture the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1794.6s	1794.6	 power dynamic. And then I think the last observation she makes, which I think is pretty, pretty valid,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1800.0s	1800.0	 is this idea that, you know, when Facebook bought Instagram, at that time, it didn't seem to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1806.8s	1806.8	 problem, but it definitely allowed them to extend their monopoly from the desktop into mobile, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1811.7s	1811.7	 it probably should be scrutinized harder. My problem is with her remedies. I mean, what she's basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1816.4s	1816.4	 saying is, first of all, like you said, any deal that could decrease competition in the future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1822.9s	1822.9	 is a problem. Well, the whole goal of business and making business moves like an acquisition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1828.1s	1828.1	 is to build your moat is to win is to win, create a more competitive offering. So there's no limiting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1833.6s	1833.6	 factor. There's no bright line test there. At least with consumer harm, there's a bright line test,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1839.5s	1839.5	 which is about pricing, right? It's mathematically measurable. You could create a model around it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1844.8s	1844.8	 Here, there's absolutely nothing. And so what it's going to do is completely politicize the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1849.9s	1849.9	 process of getting an M&A deal approved. And you can see this when she's talking about the impact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1856.1s	1856.1	 on labor. I mean, this is a total stop to the total stop to the labor constituency in the Democratic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1863.9s	1863.9	 Party, because look, Facebook and Google, no matter how powerful monopolies they may be, they don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1868.9s	1868.9	 have a dominant position in the labor market. This is not true. They're competing for the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1872.7s	1872.7	 engineers that every tech company is competing for. So she's bringing a purely political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1876.9s	1876.9	 consideration in now. And so again, there's no bright line rule, it's gonna be heavily political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1882.3s	1882.3	 companies trying to get a merger approval, never know whether they're good or not. And even after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1886.7s	1886.7	 they get approved, they'll never know they're good. And I have a big problem with her saying that any
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1892.0s	1892.0	 deal that they approve can be reopened and reevaluated a decade into the future and reverse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1899.6s	1899.6	 the actions they're taking against these right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1900.8s	1900.8	 Yes, companies need certainty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1902.5s	1902.5	 That's the real issue. The rules of capitalism have been that the smarter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1909.6s	1909.6	 slash more strategic entity, if they can run their plays more efficiently, has the right to win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1918.6s	1918.6	 This is almost trying to say actually not really. And that is very problematic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1922.8s	1922.8	 Yeah, so you never know you're good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1924.3s	1924.3	 You never know you're good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1926.1s	1926.1	 And then the problem that it'll create in the equity market specifically is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1930.2s	1930.2	 how do you actually drive shareholder returns? And then what do all these shareholders then do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1936.0s	1936.0	 if these companies are rendered to basically stay where they are?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1941.6s	1941.6	 You take a snapshot of the economy and you say this was what it will be from now on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1945.6s	1945.6	 But it's it's access point is really interesting. It's going to require M&A to become kind of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1949.8s	1949.8	 political maneuvering process similar, you know, create sort of these obfuscated gates where you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1956.8s	1956.8	 don't really know what it's going to take to get through there. And then you've got to go do what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1960.0s	1960.0	 you do when you try and convince foreign governments to work with you or allow you to do a transaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1964.0s	1964.0	 in a foreign government in a foreign country, where you got to go in and you got to go figure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1967.1s	1967.1	 out the politicians who they want, who they are, what they want, and then put together a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1970.4s	1970.4	 political consortium that's going to approve the deal, given that there's now going to be subjective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1976.0s	1976.0	 you know, validation, whereas before I think the criteria were much more objective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1981.1s	1981.1	 Let me play this other clip. This is the clip that the Sachs was referencing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1984.8s	1984.8	 Alina Khan also talks about how labor unions are trying to get in on the action slash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1991.2s	1991.2	 Griff. See on the other side. Some of this research has showed that labor markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=1995.6s	1995.6	 are significantly concentrated and it's led to, you know, additional thinking at the policy level of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2002.5s	2002.5	 how this should be affecting what anti-trust enforcers are doing. So the Justice Department,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2007.3s	2007.3	 including in the last administration, started looking at no-poach agreements more closely,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2012.4s	2012.4	 instances in which employers may be colluding to suppress wages. Both agencies have been looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2018.4s	2018.4	 at the ways in which mergers in particular may lessen competition for labor and have downstream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2025.2s	2025.2	 effects on workers in ways that are harmful and that also needs to be on our radar. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2030.4s	2030.4	 this is an ongoing conversation, but increasingly the question is, you know, how we implement some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2035.5s	2035.5	 of these priorities and not, you know, whether they're important. But this is the first time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2039.2s	2039.2	 you've included labor. This is something laborers wanted for a long time, the idea of looking at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2043.0s	2043.0	 anti-trust through the lens of unemployment essentially. Yeah, there's an interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2047.9s	2047.9	 history here. I mean, you know, there were cases in which, you know, unions were supportive of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2052.4s	2052.4	 transactions because they thought they would lead to more downstream benefits, but I think we started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2057.7s	2057.7	 to see through retrospective studies, instances in which, you know, mergers actually ended up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2062.8s	2062.8	 having a harmful effect. And so I think that is what's significantly contributing to this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2067.1s	2067.1	 This is also part of what I said in 2019. The third element of that plan was you have to change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2071.6s	2071.6	 the rules on stock-based compensation. So instead of her talking about it as labor, I think the more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2077.3s	2077.3	 accurate way to say it is like, there's very valuable human capital in technology business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2082.2s	2082.2	 A few people have, you know, discontinuous impact on these businesses. And it has been a stated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2087.7s	2087.7	 strategy of all of big tech to use their balance sheets, to buy small companies in their incipiency,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2094.0s	2094.0	 to use her words, not because it helps advantage their monopoly, but it prevents the leakage of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2099.2s	2099.2	 human capital into other ideas. And it prevents those other ideas from really flourishing. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2105.4s	2105.4	 really what's been happening for years in Silicon Valley. And we all know that, you know, all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2110.0s	2110.0	 acqua hiring we see is about hoarding talent. And you'd rather pay these people millions of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2115.2s	2115.2	 dollars a year if you're a big tech to basically work on next to nothing, then take the risk of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2120.9s	2120.9	 them going across the street to a competitor and then having them build something that disrupts you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2124.7s	2124.7	 Or start their own company. And this was such a, this is such a known thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2127.2s	2127.2	 But the only way, but the, sorry, just to finish, the one of the ways that you can change it is you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2131.1s	2131.1	 have to change the way that stock-based compensation works, how it's accounted for, you know, how you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2137.2s	2137.2	 can actually deal with it on a gap basis, how capitalists then treat that in terms of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2142.9s	2142.9	 earnings. If you don't do that, none of the models change. People look past it. People look through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2149.1s	2149.1	 it. They don't think it's a real cost, which it is. And then you're allowed to continue to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2153.9s	2153.9	 That's really the underlying issue. So much so, Chamath, that the human, the hoarding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2158.4s	2158.4	 of human capital was a reoccurring theme on the Silicon Valley HBO show, where people in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2163.3s	2163.3	 Hooli were getting paid millions of dollars and hanging out on the roof.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2166.4s	2166.4	 Freberg, when you look at this human capital labor ring brought into it, isn't the point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2172.8s	2172.8	 of a lot of M&A to eliminate jobs and eliminate redundancy. So if you brought in YouTube at Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2180.8s	2180.8	 I'm not sure if you were there at that time period, the distinct concept was, hey, we already have an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2185.5s	2185.5	 advanced ad network, we already have accounting, and we already have servers around the world and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2189.7s	2189.7	 storage, you don't need to hire those people, we can get rid of them or whatever. And we get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2194.5s	2194.5	 rid of that redundancy. Large scale consolidation, that's certainly true. Most M&A and technology is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2201.3s	2201.3	 the opposite, where an acquisition takes place. And the acquisition gets fueled by further investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2207.6s	2207.6	 after the acquisition is made. When YouTube was acquired, there was a few dozen employees there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2212.4s	2212.4	 And then very quickly, Google scaled that team, the engineering team, the infrastructure team,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2217.5s	2217.5	 they even had their own independent ad sales team to thousands of employees. And without that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2222.8s	2222.8	 it would have been very difficult for YouTube to achieve that scale, both from a product success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2226.8s	2226.8	 perspective, an infrastructure perspective, but also an employee based perspective with the amount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2231.3s	2231.3	 of capital would have taken to go and raise that from venture capitalists. Maybe nowadays,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2234.9s	2234.9	 where there's billions of dollars floating around, it would be different. But back then,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2238.0s	2238.0	 it would have been very hard. And so what it was the same for WhatsApp and Instagram,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2242.2s	2242.2	 yes, exactly. WhatsApp was 19 people when it was acquired. And now it's thousands, I'm certain,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2246.8s	2246.8	 and Instagram's the same. And so what we've seen traditionally, or not traditionally,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2250.4s	2250.4	 but over the last 10, 15 years, with internet based acquisitions, is not about consolidation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2255.3s	2255.3	 and reduction in costs, but about taking and enabling technology and accelerating it on an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2260.0s	2260.0	 existing platform. Now, number one, it makes that new technology or product far more successful,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2264.7s	2264.7	 far more far reaching, and more consumers benefit from it. Number two, is it now makes that platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2270.5s	2270.5	 harder to compete with. So as a platform, it's going to be a lot harder to catch up with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2275.5s	2275.5	 cash flows being generated at Google and Facebook, given how quickly they reinvest that capital in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2280.0s	2280.0	 new technology, the further their advancement. To your point, yeah, but I would say, what's been so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2287.0s	2287.0	 significant over the past 15 years that people are lifting their head up is that it has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2290.8s	2290.8	 both beneficial to consumers and anti competitive. So that was exactly what I was going to get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2296.0s	2296.0	 here. Your YouTube example is the perfect one. Because if you look at YouTube, think about all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2301.0s	2301.0	 the joy, education, communication it has created on a global basis as a juggernaut, and it's free,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2307.6s	2307.6	 that has helped humanity so much in this new lens. But no one else can make a video ad site like this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2313.5s	2313.5	 Exactly. So we're now looking at all the benefit that YouTube has created for humanity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2319.1s	2319.1	 versus the fact that it's going to be impossible to displace YouTube now, to your point, Saks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2324.6s	2324.6	 how do you get past the bright line? Do you have a suggestion for a way? And would you now look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2329.8s	2329.8	 something like YouTube and say we shouldn't have allowed that to happen? YouTube was on debt store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2334.4s	2334.4	 because of the lawsuits and the server bills, we all know that. Right? Well, this is the uncertainty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2339.2s	2339.2	 that's going to be created. And I think this administration is creating tremendous business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2343.5s	2343.5	 uncertainty. I think the reaction of a lot of big tech companies is going to be to stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2347.4s	2347.4	 doing M&A until the situation gets clarified. Because they just don't know, you know, targets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2353.4s	2353.4	 are target companies are going to want to have huge breakup fees. And it's just going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2357.4s	2357.4	 a chilling effect on the market for M&A. I mean, business needs certainty, and they're not giving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2362.1s	2362.1	 it in this business environment. Trayvon, before we get to you, just let me kind of make one point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2366.7s	2366.7	 about that last clip on the labor point. Listen, this feels to me, just like when the administration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2376.0s	2376.0	 talked about clean tech and clean energy and electric vehicles, but then they only gave the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2380.0s	2380.0	 subsidy to the car companies that were that were basically union shops. And so they give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2387.0s	2387.0	 Tesla the same. That's right. They excluded Tesla, they excluded Tesla from the EV. So they tried to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2390.9s	2390.9	 pretend that Ford and GM were the ones driving the EV revolution in the US. It was laughable. What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2396.2s	2396.2	 they were trying to do there is they were shoehorning a union agenda into clean tech. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2401.8s	2401.8	 I think that's what Lena Horne was doing in that clip. She was shoehorning a union agenda into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2406.8s	2406.8	 antitrust law. And it's a bit absurd because Facebook and Google, even though they are very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2411.9s	2411.9	 powerful companies, when it comes to talent, they are in a war for talent, just like everybody else,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2417.2s	2417.2	 they compete against each other. These are not mistreated employees. These are very well paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2422.6s	2422.6	 employees. And moreover, the market is highly competitive. And we don't need them trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2427.6s	2427.6	 insert this union agenda into antitrust law. You got to think that, for example, going back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2432.3s	2432.3	 Microsoft Activision, obviously, the bankers would have called Apple and Facebook and Google as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2441.3s	2441.3	 I mean, it's absurd that they were asked of it has to be the minute that you think you have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2445.6s	2445.6	 bona fide offer. One of the things you have to do is essentially, you know, get an opinion letter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2450.3s	2450.3	 and also to make sure that as a public market shareholder, you can justify that you've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2453.9s	2453.9	 evaluated all the other options, right? Sure. But it's really quite telling to David's point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2459.6s	2459.6	 I don't think that if you were Facebook or Google, or Apple, you could have credibly made an offer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2464.8s	2464.8	 because the calculus in the back of your head was not whether it had business logic,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2468.8s	2468.8	 but whether you could actually get it through the FTC. But Microsoft did, because Microsoft is no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2473.8s	2473.8	 longer seen as a threat. And look, we said this, we said this in our awards show, two or three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2478.7s	2478.7	 episodes ago, you know, they have really been the most untouched in the last decade, by antitrust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2485.5s	2485.5	 scrutiny, whether it domestically or internationally, they've largely skated under the radar after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2492.0s	2492.0	 paying the price for an entire decade. I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2496.4s	2496.4	 Microsoft's effectively pivoted, with the exception of this gaming into being an enterprise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2500.6s	2500.6	 software company. And the politicians just care a lot less about enterprise software,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2505.2s	2505.2	 it doesn't capture the public's imagination. It's the big consumer, you know, companies that get all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2510.7s	2510.7	 of that attention. Fascinating point, like literally, the consumer and the bread and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2515.2s	2515.2	 circuses of this is what's driving it. Like, people hate big tech and Trump got banned from it, yada,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2521.0s	2521.0	 yada. But I gotta say, you know, these increasing restrictions on big tech and these prohibitions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2528.6s	2528.6	 and the chilling effect, the uncertainty, it's one thing to do it when the market is just completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2533.4s	2533.4	 ripping. And we can sort of afford to run these experiments and tinker with these these rules.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2540.4s	2540.4	 But I gotta say, I'm starting to get pretty worried here, that, you know, we had Jeremy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2545.6s	2545.6	 Grantham is sort of a old school, yeah, old school kind of bearish type market commentator.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2551.1s	2551.1	 He had this expression that the Yeah, I mean, it's more one of these stop clock, right twice a day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2555.6s	2555.6	 things. Yeah, Jeremy Grantham has never found a market he didn't. Yeah, exactly. But but but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2560.6s	2560.6	 a stop clock can be right twice a day. And the line he had today is we're seeing the popping of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2565.4s	2565.4	 super bubble. And you know, we've been talking about bubble. Yeah, exactly. Basically, that's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2571.2s	2571.2	 true. But I mean, it's good. Well, well, the sense in which it might be true is that, I mean, we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2578.0s	2578.0	 talked about this last few months is that you had the Fed and the the federal government pump a 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2585.1s	2585.1	 trillion of liquidity into the market over the past two years because of COVID. Now they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2589.3s	2589.3	 starting to pull that back. And there was I think, a general asset inflation across asset classes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2596.2s	2596.2	 certain types of assets clearly got more inflated than others. We've seen a huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2601.0s	2601.0	 correction in growth stocks. We've seen a huge correction in in crypto, basically anything long
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2607.1s	2607.1	 dated as the fear of interest rates increasing has gone up, they've massively corrected. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2612.5s	2612.5	 so the concern is that, you know, with the losses we're seeing, and I mean, every day, it just keeps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2618.4s	2618.4	 like you've seen more red, that this could turn into a recession, you know, popping of bubbles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2622.8s	2622.8	 is usually followed by, by recessions are. So I think, you know, the fortunes of the economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2628.7s	2628.7	 could turn really quickly here. And that is that is the marginal risk. The marginal risk is actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2634.4s	2634.4	 for recession. We talked about this before, by the way, just to your point, you're right that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2639.0s	2639.0	 pumped in $10 trillion, but over the last three weeks, and really over the last two and a half
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2643.3s	2643.3	 months, we have actually eviscerated $10 trillion of value as well. So if you want to measure it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2650.0s	2650.0	 we put 10 trillion of excess capital in, but we've now destroyed $10 trillion of equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2654.6s	2654.6	 destroyed it by lowering the prices or pricing stuff. Yeah, we've repriced everything crypto,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2659.0s	2659.0	 I mean, crypto in the last couple of days has just been shot. Growth stocks have been shellacked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2666.8s	2666.8	 biotech stocks have been just absolutely smoked. Everything is getting crushed. COVID stocks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2671.8s	2671.8	 but David is saying something really important. The risk, in my opinion, is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2676.6s	2676.6	 of runaway inflation anymore. And the reason was what happened this weekend was incredibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2682.8s	2682.8	 important. And we have seen this happen just a few years ago. So this weekend,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2690.8s	2690.8	 China cut interest rates. Now, as we know, we are dealing in the United States with this issue of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2696.9s	2696.9	 whether we should raise rates and by how much because we're worried about inflation. While if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2701.2s	2701.2	 you're cutting rates, it's because you're worried about the other problem, which is that the economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2704.8s	2704.8	 is basically turned over and you need to become more accommodating, right? You need to incentivize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2709.1s	2709.1	 businesses to spend by lowering. By turned over, you mean it's slowed down. People are not building
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2715.5s	2715.5	 companies, not doing new projects. So you want to insight, you want to give them an incentive or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2720.7s	2720.7	 maybe some catalyst to start some new company or start some new project because all the real estate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2726.6s	2726.6	 projects have wound down. In 2018, here's exactly what happened. The setup was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2730.7s	2730.7	 the Fed. Everybody was worried about what the Fed was going to do on interest rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2737.4s	2737.4	 The Fed was looking at China as the canary in the coal mine, the leading indicator of what we should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2742.0s	2742.0	 do. And at the end of 2018, Jerome Powell decided to raise rates. And we raised rates and then enter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2751.5s	2751.5	 2019 and the Chinese economy turned over. And we realized that their economy was not nearly as strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2760.5s	2760.5	 as we thought it would be. And so our reaction was disproportionate to what the actual data on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2766.0s	2766.0	 the ground said. We entered a recession in 2019. That's when you guys probably saw Trump going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2771.0s	2771.0	 crazy blaming Powell. I mean, most of us ignored it because we were all dealing with Trump derangement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2776.8s	2776.8	 syndrome. But the underlying thing of what he was saying was, hey, hold on a second. You just caused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2781.6s	2781.6	 a recession in America by raising too quickly. The Fed is now in this really delicate situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2786.5s	2786.5	 where China cut rates last week. We have an FOMC meeting, the Open Markets Committee that sets rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2791.9s	2791.9	 on Wednesday, I think, of this coming week. What is he supposed to do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2796.7s	2796.7	 Bill Ackman two weeks ago was advocating for a 50 basis point raise in this meeting. So that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2803.6s	2803.6	 way beyond what people even thought is supposed to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2805.7s	2805.7	 We should just remember that Bill Ackman has bets, macroeconomic bets in the market. If he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2810.1s	2810.1	 calling for a 50 point raise, I guarantee you, he'll make a lot of money. No conflict, no interest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2816.8s	2816.8	 My only point is the setup is a very complicated one for the Fed coming into this week. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2821.0s	2821.0	 risk is to a recession because if we overcorrect, and the leading indicators all around the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2827.0s	2827.0	 tell us that their economies are weak, then inflation may have actually been much more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2831.7s	2831.7	 transitory than we thought. And right now we have to decide because if we overcorrect,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2836.8s	2836.8	 we're going to plunge the United States economy into a recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2840.0s	2840.0	 This is why I think Friedberg, when you look at this, when you have so many different things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2845.0s	2845.0	 happening at once, and you're trying to pilot a plane or a car, you know, in rain on ice,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2850.7s	2850.7	 going really fast, maybe there's something wrong with the brakes, and you got to be very delicate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2854.6s	2854.6	 with, you know, how you steer into this, what is the right strategy here on a policy basis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2860.4s	2860.4	 coming out of Omicron? Should we just take a pause on raising rates? What do you think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2867.4s	2867.4	 right situation here, obviously, putting a bunch of regulation on top of big, you know, mergers and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2871.9s	2871.9	 acquisitions, and that's going to create headwinds, I don't know how many different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2876.2s	2876.2	 variables we want to add to the mix of an economy that feels like we're in a perfect storm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2881.3s	2881.3	 I don't know, like a lot of us kind of talk about the valuation of things in markets as being the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2887.3s	2887.3	 economy, but it's not. The economy is the productivity of businesses that are valued in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2892.7s	2892.7	 the market. And as long as the productivity of the businesses in the market continues to improve,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2898.0s	2898.0	 that businesses continue to grow, that there's stability to pricing that's not run away or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2903.2s	2903.2	 declining, neither inflationary or too deflationary. You know, I think those are the indicators that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2910.3s	2910.3	 matter most. Now, the reality is, over the last couple of years, we've had trillions of dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2916.4s	2916.4	 that have flowed into these markets for free. And those trillions of dollars have created lots of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2921.7s	2921.7	 mini asset bubbles. Lots of little new markets have emerged, NFTs, random cryptocurrencies that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2928.7s	2928.7	 don't actually do anything, the collectibles market, the art market, there are lots of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2933.9s	2933.9	 I mean, there are lots of examples of the speculative early stage businesses that have gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2938.5s	2938.5	 public. And people back them and they said, Look, when there's this much money around, I'm going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2943.5s	2943.5	 start making more risky bets, I'm going to make more speculative bets. And regardless, the money's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2949.0s	2949.0	 coming out of the markets, the money's going to come out one way or another. And as it starts to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2953.2s	2953.2	 come out, these little bubbles are the first that are going to pop. And that doesn't necessarily mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2958.0s	2958.0	 that the economy is at risk. It means that there are valuation bubbles that are going to burst,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2962.8s	2962.8	 they're going to decline. And no interest rate policy is going to change that because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2967.4s	2967.4	 inevitable growth in the underlying economy, the inevitable end to the pandemic is what's ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2972.6s	2972.6	 going to drive capital out of these markets, and back into ultimately more productive assets and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2978.7s	2978.7	 less speculative assets. And so this is a transition that I'm not sure you can really kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2983.1s	2983.1	 manage, I think underlying businesses and the growth of the economy and the ability for people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2987.2s	2987.2	 to get jobs. There's an incredible number of open jobs are in the US right now, 3 million open job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2991.4s	2991.4	 listings, go apply for a job, 11 million, whatever it is, go go go sign up for a new job, 3.3.7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=2998.1s	2998.1	 million, 3.7% on a point, they're not a lot of people. Yeah, there are not a lot of people in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3002.5s	3002.5	 the US that don't have an option to go out right now, and go improve their working condition. There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3008.0s	3008.0	 are a lot of open jobs in the US. And salaries have gone up. That's what I mean, your working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3012.4s	3012.4	 condition, you can go make more money. And, and so you know, the economy underlying, there are lots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3018.0s	3018.0	 of great businesses that are growing and doing well, and there's stability that's emerging.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3022.0s	3022.0	 And then there's a bunch that aren't, and there are a bunch that were always speculative, and that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3025.2s	3025.2	 they were hyped and overvalued. And you know, as those assets get devalued, a lot of us that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3030.9s	3030.9	 most of our worth and income coming from capital are are going to feel the burn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3037.1s	3037.1	 Two questions that we want to go around the horn on. First, Jamal, if we could do if each of you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3043.6s	3043.6	 could do one thing to one or two things, to manage this economic policy in the next year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3050.4s	3050.4	 what would it be like? What two things do you think we should do, David, one or two things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3054.2s	3054.2	 be the top of this, that regulators should do in terms of managing this seemingly chaotic situation?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3061.6s	3061.6	 Just feels to me, it just feels to me like we're pinballing from one overreaction to another. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3067.4s	3067.4	 we overreacted in terms of flooding the zone with liquidity because of COVID. I mean, remember,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3073.9s	3073.9	 like Druckenmiller, he was like the one of the only voices about a year ago when they did that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3078.8s	3078.8	 to that last $2 trillion stimulus bill, the COVID relief bill. And he said, look, retails already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3084.5s	3084.5	 15% above trend. Meaning, if you looked at demand, the demand side of the economy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3090.3s	3090.3	 it had fully recovered and was actually above trend, people were spending more money. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3095.2s	3095.2	 we flood the zone with another $2 trillion. And then lo and behold, six months later,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3098.8s	3098.8	 we have this inflation. And then in response to that inflation, we're now jacking up rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3103.8s	3103.8	 so quickly that I think we're risking to Jamal's point or recession. So we're pinballing from one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3108.8s	3108.8	 overreaction to another. And I just the big meta thought I had this week was just how many of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3113.2s	3113.2	 problems are just self-inflicted right now. I mean, even on COVID, right? We could live with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3120.1s	3120.1	 this variant of COVID, Omicron, you know, Chamath and all of our friends. Everyone I know in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3126.0s	3126.0	 last few weeks basically has had it and it's been very mild. It's basically been a cold. But in large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3131.6s	3131.6	 swaths of the country, we're not choosing to live with it. We're at each other's throats about these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3135.5s	3135.5	 vaccine mandates, these other restrictions and school closures. And similarly, and the same thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3141.2s	3141.2	 make even more local. We've got a crime wave in America going on right now. Why? Because we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3146.2s	3146.2	 emptied the jails last year and stopped prosecuting totally self-inflicted. Okay, so what things do we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3151.8s	3151.8	 need to do? Just if you had one or two things that you think we should do? One, you said we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3155.8s	3155.8	 ping pong and so you think more consistent policy, communicate better. I think that you want some neat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3160.4s	3160.4	 little answer that's tweetable and there is none. No, I just wanted your, let me explain. There was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3165.2s	3165.2	 a good idea. There's no one or two things anybody can do. I think there's a collective set of things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3169.6s	3169.6	 that we have to do in an organized way. So look, just to set up, we have had more activity and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3177.5s	3177.5	 hedging than in any other period in recent memory, except the great financial crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3184.2s	3184.2	 Just to set the tone of where we are in terms of volatility in the capital markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3189.1s	3189.1	 mutual funds who don't short stocks, the multi-trillion dollar mutual fund complex,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3194.0s	3194.0	 whose only job is to buy has been a net seller, hasn't even started buying a single thing yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3201.0s	3201.0	 We have an FOMC meeting that's going to happen next week where Jerome Powell and the Fed has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3209.0s	3209.0	 to decide what to do in the face of incomplete data. It's not as if we've even stopped all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3214.6s	3214.6	 the purchasing of assets that we've been doing. We're still putting money into the system. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3219.8s	3219.8	 just want to be clear. We were debating when we stopped the spigot. We're not even debating when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3225.7s	3225.7	 we shrink our balance sheet as a country. So we are in a really complicated moment. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3231.8s	3231.8	 the risk is that there is an overreaction to incomplete data and we plunge the US economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3240.4s	3240.4	 into a recession. And I just think that that has to be really thoughtfully measured. And guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3246.0s	3246.0	 we've seen this in 2018-19. I'm not an economist and I'm not a central banker,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3254.6s	3254.6	 and so I have no clue. Okay. The next thing I would-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3259.5s	3259.5	 But to Tomas's point, I mean, we are dealing with balancing the risks of inflation against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3263.8s	3263.8	 the risk of recession. I think that is fundamental. And right now, all the statements have been so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3269.0s	3269.0	 hawkish that the markets have been just flowing red now for months. And I think the balance of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3278.2s	3278.2	 risk is starting to make recession possible in a way that didn't seem possible two, three months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3285.2s	3285.2	 Doesn't the repricing of assets though, like we look at Peloton, it's down whatever 80%. You look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3290.4s	3290.4	 at Zoom is down 70, 80%. When you see those things that were obviously mispriced, Rivian,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3295.6s	3295.6	 which we talked about- I wouldn't use the term mispriced.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3299.3s	3299.3	 They were- Repriced. I would say they're repriced.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3301.6s	3301.6	 They were mispriced. They're not repriced. Whatever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3303.6s	3303.6	 No, they were. Someone paid something for them and someone sold them for something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3306.9s	3306.9	 And nowadays- They were priced against gravity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3309.6s	3309.6	 Yesterday, they paid 25% more and then today they're paying 25% less.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3313.9s	3313.9	 What difference does it make whether it's yesterday, an hour ago, or a year ago?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3318.2s	3318.2	 Everyday pricing changes. Well, no. Here's the thing about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3320.8s	3320.8	 pricing. The pricing was based on people with a lot of money placing a lot of bets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3325.8s	3325.8	 maybe who were new to retail. Okay, fine. What's the point, Jason?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3328.8s	3328.8	 The market condition changed. Well, I think maybe we had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3332.6s	3332.6	 enthusiastic people betting things up without looking at fundamentals is my point. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3337.3s	3337.3	 Sachs agrees with me here on this. I think you're right about that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3340.3s	3340.3	 Yeah, you're right. Yeah, so now you have market participants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3342.5s	3342.5	 who were gambling on momentum. Now we're repricing stuff. Do we think where are we at in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3348.4s	3348.4	 repricing or correct pricing of assets? We're in the eighth, in my opinion. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3353.1s	3353.1	 we're in the eighth inning of the tech drawdown. So if you're a high growth tech company, you've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3359.1s	3359.1	 been smashed for three months in a row. As you said, Jason, some stocks are off 50% to 80% of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3366.4s	3366.4	 their highs. That's like dot com era corrections.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3369.2s	3369.2	 It really is. That's crash. That's dot com era crash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3371.6s	3371.6	 Yes, yes. If you're in other areas like value,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3376.5s	3376.5	 you've had a pretty good rally. If you're in crypto, you're just starting to get smoked now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3381.3s	3381.3	 If you're in... Why is it crypto? I want your thoughts on this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3386.0s	3386.0	 Tramath. Why is in crypto getting smoked like Peloton and Zoom? Is it because those people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3390.0s	3390.0	 are hodlers or something? Well, crypto, I think, has slightly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3393.2s	3393.2	 different dynamics than individual stocks like a Peloton. But I think that you're going to see...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3397.5s	3397.5	 There's no earnings release for one. Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3401.7s	3401.7	 All that the market is, is who's bidding and who's coming into the market. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3404.4s	3404.4	 there's still thousands of millions of people from around the world stepping into the crypto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3408.0s	3408.0	 markets each day that are putting more money into these markets. And that balances out the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3411.9s	3411.9	 withdrawals. And that's all that crypto is. There's no fundamental underlying business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3415.6s	3415.6	 that you're valuing. The Peloton release was really bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3419.1s	3419.1	 It was very strange. Yeah. Well, I think they over-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3421.1s	3421.1	 I don't think it was strange. It was just like, we're just going to basically stop producing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3425.1s	3425.1	 anything because all of our inventory will meet our demand for the foreseeable future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3430.5s	3430.5	 That's not a good statement if you're supposed to be a high growth public business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3433.1s	3433.1	 Okay. So if we're seeing 50% to 80% sacks- Gavin Baker had a tweet that said-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3437.6s	3437.6	 Capital allocator. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3439.1s	3439.1	 Yeah. The bottom of the market, and it was a phrase, something like when we shoot the generals,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3444.0s	3444.0	 and his comment was the generals are big tech. When those things trade down 25%, the bottom is in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3450.8s	3450.8	 And I think that collectively, most people think that we're a little bit oversold in all areas,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3457.5s	3457.5	 except big tech. I think big tech is down 10%, 11%, 12%. When you see this thing really get cracked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3464.0s	3464.0	 is when those folks trade down another 10 or 15%. And then I think we're kind of through most of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3469.9s	3469.9	 the pain. So Peloton and Zoom were kind of mid tech. I don't know what we call those,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3473.8s	3473.8	 but I would call them mid tech. They're obviously not big tech, but they're not small either.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3477.5s	3477.5	 Mid tech gets their asses kicked 50 to 80%. Big tech 15%. But if big tech goes down 30%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3483.5s	3483.5	 then we start really seeing a bottom. And we consider Netflix part of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3486.6s	3486.6	 I don't think you ever see that because I think big tech, you have to remember,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3488.9s	3488.9	 is basically the index. And in the last 10 or 20 years, you've never seen drawdowns more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3493.8s	3493.8	 than 15 to 25%. You've never seen it. And when you've ever had a 15 to 25% drawdown, meaning the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3500.0s	3500.0	 market goes off 15 or 25%, you have to remember the thing that we have also done over the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3504.9s	3504.9	 20 years is created so much money on the sidelines, always looking for a cheap buying opportunity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3511.3s	3511.3	 And so the minute that these things, so even in March of 2020, remember when we started to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3515.7s	3515.7	 this pod and it literally looked like the world was ending? The bottom existed for a week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3521.6s	3521.6	 Yep. And then within a week, the entire 25% loss in the stock market was wiped out and we were back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3527.3s	3527.3	 to normal. So that's when I sold. Okay, well, let's talk specifically about Neff. I think it was good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3535.0s	3535.0	 that we talked about Palatine. I panicked at the lows. Oh my God. I remember selling Slack going,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3540.9s	3540.9	 this is the dumbest thing, but I have no choice because I was literally ready to puke. How about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3545.5s	3545.5	 when Uber goes to 15 from 45? I was ready to puke. I basically curled up in a ball and said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3549.9s	3549.9	 I'm not selling, but I'm not feeling good. Right. By the way, this is why I was saying, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3554.0s	3554.0	 any comment you made earlier, I think you made a comment about what do you do right now to drive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3559.1s	3559.1	 or make change in these markets? And I'm not sure that at the end of the day, the drive or the change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3565.1s	3565.1	 is being made as much as the change that's being made is being driven by the market itself. There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3569.6s	3569.6	 is just so many dynamics at play that it's very difficult to ascertain where things are headed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3575.3s	3575.3	 next, what's going on. And we're all going to sit here and we're all going to speculate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3578.3s	3578.3	 We're going to flip a coin. It's going to come up heads. It's going to come up tails.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3582.4s	3582.4	 We're going to be right. We're going to be wrong. It's really difficult to kind of put our foot down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3586.2s	3586.2	 and for any of us to put our foot down and say, this is what I think needs to happen. And this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3589.0s	3589.0	 what I think should happen or could happen or will happen. Half of us will be right. Half of us will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3593.1s	3593.1	 be wrong. But let's take another stock. I think it's interesting to talk about this. Netflix was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3597.1s	3597.1	 at $700 a month ago. It's at 390 today. This is an incredible large business. Yeah, that's like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3605.4s	3605.4	 real business that you can assess what's going on with the business itself. Well, they think they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3609.4s	3609.4	 not going to grow 20 30% a year, they think I grow eight, nine 10% a year, but a fabulous business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3616.4s	3616.4	 right? Like great business. Incredible. So is that now the time? So is this growing up?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3622.0s	3622.0	 I mean, time Netflix is so saturated. It is it has achieved such incredible market share by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3627.6s	3627.6	 growing so quickly every year for years and years and end. At some point, the growth was going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3632.0s	3632.0	 slow down, they hit their natural audience. I think Netflix is going to be the best example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3637.9s	3637.9	 of consumer surplus at scale. And what I mean by that is they have given so much value away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3645.1s	3645.1	 for an incredibly small amount of money. Like if you think about the value you get from Netflix,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3650.1s	3650.1	 as compared to what you would get from Comcast, and you spend 10 bucks a month, $10 or $15 for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3655.7s	3655.7	 Netflix versus 100 bucks for Comcast, there was such a huge gap in value. But Netflix had to spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3663.4s	3663.4	 so much money to keep people entertained. The real question is, at what point do they start to sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3668.9s	3668.9	 of like run out of the things that they can do to keep people engaged? And otherwise they Jason do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3675.2s	3675.2	 what you did, which is you have a subscription to HBO Max, you have a subscription to Disney Plus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3679.0s	3679.0	 Yeah, I mean, the headwinds are the competition. Everybody gets in the game, the only real winner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3682.5s	3682.5	 is the consumer. And any individual company, I think, gets into a real tough spot. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3688.1s	3688.1	 what you saw was their earnings release basically said just that Disney's doing a great job competing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3692.2s	3692.2	 against us. HBO Max is doing a great job competing against us. So we're not sure what the incremental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3697.8s	3697.8	 dollar that we can give you the growth that we've given you before when we had no competition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3701.5s	3701.5	 That's by the way, Lena's Lena Khan's comment, which is the other side of the coin, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3706.3s	3706.3	 when you have more competition, the consumer does win, it contains prices, it just doesn't contain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3711.4s	3711.4	 asset inflation, which does impact the shareholders of these companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3715.5s	3715.5	 Yeah, and still, even at this level, $172 billion, they have a 35 x p ratio.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3722.9s	3722.9	 One way that to look at this here, I think your point is an interesting one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3726.2s	3726.2	 Chamath, where you talk about how much value they've given away over the years and what they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3729.7s	3729.7	 today. You can always look at the balance sheet of a business, a public company. And in the balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3735.1s	3735.1	 sheet, there's this line. Goodwill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3740.0s	3740.0	 No, well, not even goodwill, just the accumulated loss, the accumulated deficit. And if you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3747.5s	3747.5	 that on Netflix, they basically run the business right now, as of their last earnings statement,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3753.2s	3753.2	 which was December 31, negative $40 million. So in terms of the total net cash that they've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3758.4s	3758.4	 generated as a business, since they're founding as a business, they've lost $40 million. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3765.4s	3765.4	 meanwhile, the question is, okay, what's the you know, so they're not necessarily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3769.7s	3769.7	 at a stage where they've been generating cash. But for many, many years, Amazon had a similar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3773.6s	3773.6	 strategy where they were reinvesting all their capital. And that capital was going into building
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3778.0s	3778.0	 the business and growing the platform and adding the next layer of growth. The question is, has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3782.4s	3782.4	 Netflix from a fundamental business perspective, not a valuation perspective, have they added
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3787.0s	3787.0	 enough growth platforms into the business? Have they found enough other products, services or ways
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3792.1s	3792.1	 to build customers? They have one product, one video, they don't have gaming, they don't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3796.2s	3796.2	 anything else. They did start doing sports. They don't have comedy. They are dabbling,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3800.9s	3800.9	 they dabbled with doing a couple of podcasts, they double doing a couple of games. And there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3805.5s	3805.5	 rumors that they might try to get the other 20 or 30% of people who don't pay by creating a lighter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3810.3s	3810.3	 version that was ad supported. In other words, you're not going to get the new season of Ozark.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3815.0s	3815.0	 But maybe you can get the first two or three. You're a year behind the production schedule,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3820.3s	3820.3	 but you can watch it all with ads. So why is it Netflix and video games and sports?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3824.8s	3824.8	 It's such an obvious one. And that's why I think they released a series of games based on their IP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3830.1s	3830.1	 So as their IP grows, and I think that's what you'll see with Disney pluses, think about an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3834.0s	3834.0	 app store inside of Disney plus a merch store inside of Disney plus. I think there's so many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3838.1s	3838.1	 verticals next to them. Why is there no merch store inside of it? Why don't they own Spotify
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3842.0s	3842.0	 or have a Spotify competitor? Well, I think Spotify sees themselves as a that's a really good point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3847.6s	3847.6	 When you look at the Peloton, I was looking at the Peloton earnings when it was down 25% yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3855.4s	3855.4	 or the day before. And I was like, this is an incredible business because they have 2.1 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3860.7s	3860.7	 subscribers that pay 40 bucks a month. It's incredible. I mean, it's a money printing machine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3865.1s	3865.1	 money printing machine. I actually have a subscription. I don't even have a Peloton.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3868.5s	3868.5	 Peloton. I don't have to pay $500 a year to use the classes. I have the app. It's crazy. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3873.5s	3873.5	 even use the app. But I think that's 20 bucks for the just an app. Yeah. But the point I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3877.2s	3877.2	 trying to make is when you look at it, you know, there's about 30% of that revenue that goes right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3881.2s	3881.2	 back to the music labels for the music. So, you know, to your point, like, there's just an enormous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3886.0s	3886.0	 value in actually music. So one of the great things built library values and content, they could be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3891.6s	3891.6	 they could point it to music as well. There's all these things they could do to reignite growth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3896.0s	3896.0	 A lot of people discount the value of having a subscription consumer business when you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3900.5s	3900.5	 a consumer's credit card on file, and they're paying every month for something. It's an incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3905.6s	3905.6	 point because you don't have the friction of getting the sale done. You've already done the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3908.8s	3908.8	 sale. Yep. Now the question is, can you upsell them some new service or some new edition that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3912.7s	3912.7	 they're not paying for today? So obvious. Yeah, it's so obvious. Right. And so like, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3916.5s	3916.5	 I'll say this, like, for years, Google struggled with this question, which is, what is Google's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3920.6s	3920.6	 consumer subscription business, because Google did not have consumer credit cards across its platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3925.6s	3925.6	 despite a billion daily users. And so Google for years was strategically trying to figure out what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3929.9s	3929.9	 business can or should we be in to have a subscription model with consumers, because once
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3934.3s	3934.3	 you have that, then you can charge for all sorts of stuff. You can charge for storing photos,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3938.3s	3938.3	 you can charge for accessing audio, you can charge for accessing unlimited. I'll be the I'll take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3943.3s	3943.3	 contrary inside of this. Okay, here we go. Yeah, go ahead, Peter. Well, no, look, I invest in b2b
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3949.9s	3949.9	 subscription businesses, I hate b2c subscription businesses. And the reason is just the churn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3954.1s	3954.1	 rates. What we see when we look at b2c subscription businesses is 5% monthly churn is not uncommon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3960.4s	3960.4	 it's pretty much the standard. So call that 50 60% churn in the subscription base every year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3966.4s	3966.4	 So effectively, you're rebuilding the company from scratch every two years. I don't see like how you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3971.2s	3971.2	 can build a successful business that way. I'll tell you why you're wrong about this. Do we contrast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3975.4s	3975.4	 that to b2b? With b2b subscription businesses, you do lose some customers, but the ones who stick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3980.8s	3980.8	 with you keep adding seats for more employees usually. And so actually, your core your land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3986.5s	3986.5	 and expanse your courts actually, your cohorts are growing 20% every year instead of shrinking 50%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3991.6s	3991.6	 Now, obviously, there are some of these b2c subscription businesses like Netflix and Peloton,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=3996.0s	3996.0	 they are obviously valuable. They've defied gravity. Well, Netflix has done it because they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4000.9s	4000.9	 spend billions of dollars on content. And Peloton's got it because they plop a expensive machine in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4007.7s	4007.7	 your house, you can't forget about it. And that keeps you a little bit more recurring than like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4012.8s	4012.8	 lot of these subscriptions, which are just very easy to cancel. But so look, they've been able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4016.6s	4016.6	 make it work. But I'm mostly here's why I think you're wrong. It turns out these are so low priced,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4023.3s	4023.3	 these subscriptions that you get a lot of consumers trialing them. So because it's only five or 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4029.0s	4029.0	 bucks a month to use something like a Spotify or a Disney, because they're so low price, you do get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4035.7s	4035.7	 little bit of sampling. And that's why the rates higher, whereas in business, there is a massive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4041.0s	4041.0	 onboarding of people have to take their time to set up the software, learn how to use it. So if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4045.6s	4045.6	 you're going to commit to it, it does reduce it and you do have land and expand. But what we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4048.8s	4048.8	 talking about with product expansion is the equivalent in sass of land and expand. So imagine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4053.7s	4053.7	 if Disney plus or Spotify, after you listen to an album, or it's in your top rotation, they showed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4059.2s	4059.2	 you the merch for that band, or after you completed the season of Mandalorian or Book of Boba Fett,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4065.5s	4065.5	 they showed you the merchandise and said here's at a limited edition of grogu baby Yoda, when we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4071.7s	4071.7	 tried to get baby Yoda stuff last Christmas. Disney dropped the ball, they didn't have any.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4077.3s	4077.3	 And they had all that made and they would have sold millions of we were buying stuff on Etsy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4081.6s	4081.6	 The reason baby Yoda works is because it's leveraged off a platform, this massive Disney
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4086.3s	4086.3	 platform of which this B2C subscription service is just one piece. I mean, look, obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4090.3s	4090.3	 there are valuable consumer subscription businesses. So the way I'm approaching it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4095.2s	4095.2	 can't be right in all cases. However, I think people really get themselves in trouble when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4099.5s	4099.5	 they start to value these B2C subscription businesses the same as the B2B ones. In one case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4106.6s	4106.6	 in the B2C case, churn is the predominant characteristic. And it means that you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4112.0s	4112.0	 going to have to spend more on marketing or cogs or content or what have you to keep rebuilding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4117.2s	4117.2	 the user base. Whereas in the B2B context, the user base is compounding on its own. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4123.5s	4123.5	 just makes for I think, a more attractive business opportunity. Yes, but it grows slower. Again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4129.5s	4129.5	 just at the end of the day, these are all variables, just the weights just changed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4133.4s	4133.4	 I agree with David that consumer churn businesses or consumer businesses have much higher churn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4139.0s	4139.0	 than enterprise and enterprises have negative churn, which means that they just naturally grow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4143.6s	4143.6	 But the reality is consumers just have an unbounded tam that enterprises do not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4147.9s	4147.9	 And the way that the LTVs work just tend to be different. And the cash flow cycle of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4153.8s	4153.8	 companies tend to be very different. And that's why you see Netflix get these enormous valuations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4157.9s	4157.9	 that enterprise subscription businesses do not. What some people are now doing when they look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4162.5s	4162.5	 consumer businesses and they look at churn is they take out the ones that are based on credit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4166.2s	4166.2	 card to look at like people who actually unsubscribe because they don't want it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4169.7s	4169.7	 but not because their credit card change. So basically, so if you think about like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4172.8s	4172.8	 Netflix's business, if it's churning two and a half percent per month, let's call that 30%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4177.2s	4177.2	 of the user base is a trading every year, they've got to rebuild their user base from scratch every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4182.8s	4182.8	 three or four years. Now, they can do that. I guess at some point, though, they may run out of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4190.8s	4190.8	 you know, greenfield opportunity to grow their customer base. But, you know, it's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4197.5s	4197.5	 pressurize their margins because they're going to have to constantly spend on content, original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4202.0s	4202.0	 content to retain you, they have to spend on marketing to keep going after the portion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4206.2s	4206.2	 Yeah, but the archive, you're leaving out the archive, these archives are going to be super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4210.6s	4210.6	 valuable. And I don't think we even know how to value these archives yet. Because if you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4214.9s	4214.9	 the Marvel archive or the Star Wars archive, these things just keep printing money year after year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4218.9s	4218.9	 And then you'll see Netflix and HBO Max will keep being able to go back to them HBO Max being the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4223.2s	4223.2	 canonical example now, because you didn't think that that business would have, you know, a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4228.5s	4228.5	 IP to build on. But suddenly you have the many saints of Newark and the Sex and the City reboot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4234.4s	4234.4	 I mean, they're going right down the line. It's going to be an entourage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4236.8s	4236.8	 When you own the franchise, it has value. Disney has shown that you own the best franchise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4242.0s	4242.0	 HBO Max is now showing it. And then that means Netflix will show it next.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4245.3s	4245.3	 But how much of Netflix's content do they even own? Are they licensed?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4248.5s	4248.5	 No, now it's 100%. Netflix is 100%. They stopped. And that's why Disney started taking it off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4253.3s	4253.3	 Their whole spend that I think they're spending 20 billion or something. It's all on original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4258.4s	4258.4	 content. So that's why they made that move is because they knew they were going to have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4261.4s	4261.4	 Disney content and the Marvel content pulled. Where do we want to go next?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4264.4s	4264.4	 Guys, because I have COVID. I want to I want I want sax to talk to me about his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4271.9s	4271.9	 what's going on with Fauci. Oh, my gosh, this is quite a story. This really is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4277.6s	4277.6	 I'm trying to get my head around the story. And I'd be totally honest,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4280.0s	4280.0	 my head is down. Explain it to us because I think we all please my head is spinning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4283.6s	4283.6	 Okay, so a series of emails have come out that were requested on the Freedom of Information Act.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4289.3s	4289.3	 And what they show is that at the NIH, Fauci and Francis Collins, who was ahead of it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4295.9s	4295.9	 they had a series of conversations with scientists around January, sorry, January 31 or February 1,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4303.0s	4303.0	 there are emails on February 1, summarizing those conversations. And basically, what they say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4310.0s	4310.0	 is that a group of scientists advise Fauci and Collins that COVID likely came from a lab,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4317.9s	4317.9	 how they know because it had, you know, hallmark signatures like the fear insights,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4323.2s	4323.2	 the same reasons we now believe the virus came from a lab. Okay. But by February 4, officials at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4331.4s	4331.4	 so three days later, officials at the NIH, including Fauci had come to the conclusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4338.5s	4338.5	 that the virus must have been passed zoonotically from an animal like a pangolin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4344.6s	4344.6	 it didn't come from the lab. And furthermore, they were starting to use language like conspiracy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4349.2s	4349.2	 theory to discredit the the the lab leak, the lab leak idea. So that within a few days, they were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4356.7s	4356.7	 all in on this sort of so called zoonotic theory. And they really began a campaign. In the words of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4366.7s	4366.7	 Collins, a devastating takedown of scientists who were trying to discuss the lab leak theory that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4371.6s	4371.6	 became the official position. Why? Why? Well, okay, so this is where it gets really interesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4379.6s	4379.6	 Obviously, I can't speculate to modus, but here's what we know. The NIH Fauci's division,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4385.5s	4385.5	 years ago, there was a debate in the scientific community about how we study viruses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4390.5s	4390.5	 Fauci is an epidemiologist, he wants to study them make sense. The debate is over whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4396.6s	4396.6	 you should enhance the viruses as a way to study them. So called gain of function research.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4402.7s	4402.7	 Their Fauci is on the side of engaging in that kind of research. There are other scientists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4409.1s	4409.1	 who think it's crazy, they lose the NIH that makes grants to a group called the Eco Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4414.8s	4414.8	 Alliance is run by a British scientist named Peter Daszak. Okay, by the way, who doesn't who doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4421.2s	4421.2	 support Eco Health and an alliance? Branding. Yeah, exactly. We love puppies. Yeah, we're yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4429.2s	4429.2	 Angel puppy love. Yes, exactly. So Eco Health Alliance, which is has neither been good for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4436.2s	4436.2	 ecology for our health, or our alliances. Yeah, keeping a bad name to alliances everywhere. Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4443.6s	4443.6	 So they then provide funding to the Wuhan Institute of Virology to study bat viruses where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4450.4s	4450.4	 you know, function research then occurs. This lab in Wuhan is known to have had leaks in the past.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4456.8s	4456.8	 So disarm a security choice, not the best recipient of a grant. But that is what happens. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4463.1s	4463.1	 And then we know the history from there. It's almost certain that this is what's the what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4467.1s	4467.1	 the element of the story that has to deal with the Lancet and the yes, I'll tell you that worked for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4471.7s	4471.7	 Fauci and then and then that person got a grant afterwards. What? Well, and then just one other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4478.0s	4478.0	 thing I want to point out here. So we're clear. This has become a very partisan issue. But the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4482.8s	4482.8	 original foas were done by BuzzFeed. And the Washington, Boya Boya Boya Sorry, the foyer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4489.7s	4489.7	 releases were done by BuzzFeed and Washington Post. And now you have Rand Paul on the other side of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4494.6s	4494.6	 it who seems like really wacky and obviously conspiracy right wing. So you have this like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4499.7s	4499.7	 really weird partisanship that's now been embedded in it. Okay. Yes. So can you explain the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4507.5s	4507.5	 partisan nature and then I almost want to take a question first about who is this guy? What is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4512.8s	4512.8	 this Lancet letter? Let me come back to the partisan thing. I'm just trying to establish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4515.5s	4515.5	 the facts before we get into the partisan mess of this thing. So Peter Dazic is the guy who made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4521.6s	4521.6	 these grants to the Institute of Virology. Okay. There is one other interesting fact when the West
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4527.2s	4527.2	 wanted to come in and investigate what happened in this lab. China approved one person from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4533.5s	4533.5	 West to come in and conduct the investigation. Guess who that was? Peter Dazic. Okay, he was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4539.0s	4539.0	 only guy the CCP let in to go look at this lab. He then comes out of this, whatever he did and says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4546.6s	4546.6	 it has to be the zoonotic theory. He endorsed the wet market idea. It cannot be lab leak. That is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4553.0s	4553.0	 conspiracy theory. And then he rounds up a group of scientists to write a letter to the Lancet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4560.0s	4560.0	 which is a respected scientific publication, which incredibly respected.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4563.3s	4563.3	 Yes, which he signs, in which he basically advocates the zoonotic theory, but he goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4568.0s	4568.0	 further and says there is no way that it could be lab leak and anyone who says as conspiracy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4574.6s	4574.6	 theorists and that has an incredibly chilling effect on the scientific community because no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4579.7s	4579.7	 scientist wants to be labeled a kook or conspiracy theorist or heretical to the Lancet. Exactly. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4584.6s	4584.6	 this is a tight knit ecosystem of insiders, insiders and institutions and grants. No scientist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4592.4s	4592.4	 wants to lose their funding. Right. And then furthermore, big tech starts censoring as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4598.1s	4598.1	 disinformation, the lab leak theory, because they say, well, these officials look at all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4603.2s	4603.2	 scientists, we have to follow the science. Right. So the science, according to this letter from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4608.0s	4608.0	 Lancet is basically on the side of the zoonotic theory. So you then have downstream censorship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4613.6s	4613.6	 with this. So that is who Peter Dazic is. And in this letter, in the Lancet, he never disclosed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4620.8s	4620.8	 his conflict of interest, which is the fact that he funded this Wuhan Institute of Virology to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4626.8s	4626.8	 conduct the type of research that might have led to the leak of the virus. So this guy is hopelessly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4632.6s	4632.6	 conflicted and has a reason to want to suppress and cover up a lab leak. And he never disclosed it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4638.9s	4638.9	 And look, so does Fauci. I mean, because Fauci funded Dazic. So imagine when in February of 2020,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4648.5s	4648.5	 when the lab leak is coming across the desk of Fauci, does he tell the president, Mr. President,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4653.9s	4653.9	 he's at the right hand of the president, Mr. President, we might have funded this thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4658.2s	4658.2	 We funded Dazic who funded the Wuhan lab. We collectively, the United States government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4663.6s	4663.6	 might have some responsibility in this. Do you think that conversation ever took place?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4667.9s	4667.9	 When he was making his recommendations, he was hopelessly conflicted. And if the truth about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4673.0s	4673.0	 this had come out and look, I'm not saying he had any intentional role. I'm not saying he wanted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4677.8s	4677.8	 this to happen. I'm not even saying that he knew for sure that Dazic was funding the Wuhan lab.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4683.4s	4683.4	 Okay, let's just give Fauci the benefit of the doubt. But we all know how politics works. If it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4688.1s	4688.1	 had come out in February of 2020, that Fauci had funded the guy who funded the Wuhan lab, and that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4693.9s	4693.9	 where the virus likely came from, his career would have been finished. Okay, finished. We know that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4699.1s	4699.1	 as a political reality. And so within days of scientists advising Fauci, hey, this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4705.0s	4705.0	 probably came from the lab, the NIH is consolidated around the idea that this is a conspiracy theory,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4711.6s	4711.6	 and they work to suppress it. And they wage a public campaign. I got to tell you, and I have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4716.4s	4716.4	 learned all these facts, I got to tell you what I compare it to. It's almost like we learned all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4720.7s	4720.7	 those revelations about Bill Cosby, that here's this guy on TV for years, pretending to be America's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4726.5s	4726.5	 dad. And then we find out he's a monster. Fauci has been on TV for years lecturing us about COVID.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4732.4s	4732.4	 He's been like America's dad, America's doctor. And lo and behold, we find out that he has a role
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4738.7s	4738.7	 in this whole thing. And look, I'm not saying his intent was not to abuse anybody's intent has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4744.5s	4744.5	 always to help people. So it's a little bit of a gnarly, I'm going to give him the benefit of every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4749.2s	4749.2	 doubt here. I'm going to give him the benefit of every doubt. Okay, he's called him Bill Cosby.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4754.0s	4754.0	 I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt in the sense that he didn't want this to happen. He
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4757.2s	4757.2	 didn't have any he didn't cause that. But we know for a fact that he funded DASAC who funded this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4762.7s	4762.7	 lab is where the virus came from. Come on, we know that and he covered it up. He engaged in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4768.1s	4768.1	 campaign. Okay, we suspect the lab leak theory conflict of interest. Let's get let's get free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4773.4s	4773.4	 bigger than the science. What do you think as some a man of science Friedberg, the Sultan of science,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4777.8s	4777.8	 in fact, about these emails and the chances that Fauci essentially was funding gain of research
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4787.6s	4787.6	 and then attempting to cover it up, which is the question of science. I look there. I mentioned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4793.2s	4793.2	 this in the past Jamie science community, you know, Jamie Metzl did a podcast interview with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4798.4s	4798.4	 Lex Friedman, it's worth listening to. It's a couple hours long, if you got some time to kill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4804.3s	4804.3	 But he does a good job contextualizing these matters and what may have gone on that led
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4809.5s	4809.5	 ultimately to the the lab leak and also the lab leak cover up. I don't know what happened with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4815.6s	4815.6	 Fauci and emails. I have not read this stuff. So I, you know, I have no reason to believe that Fauci
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4822.8s	4822.8	 is mal intentioned in the sense that he has some reason to harm or hurt. I could see that there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4829.7s	4829.7	 a certain degree of nervousness to accuse the biggest foreign government and potential US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4835.3s	4835.3	 adversary of causing a global pandemic and not wanting that sort of conflict to arise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4840.8s	4840.8	 at a period of time when you really need to take care of your people. And we really need to focus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4845.1s	4845.1	 internally the country on how do we get through this pandemic and making that response that I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4849.6s	4849.6	 don't respond to that. I have to respond to that. I'm not saying that Fauci or anyone involved in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4857.2s	4857.2	 that process should have accused China, but that's not what was their decision and that was not was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4862.1s	4862.1	 debate. They decided to stop the debate altogether. They decided to suppress the debate. What would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4868.0s	4868.0	 you have done in that seat, sex, you're sitting in that seat and the country is potentially facing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4871.6s	4871.6	 a pandemic that could wipe out millions of Americans. Where do you prioritize? If I've been,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4876.7s	4876.7	 how do you, I'll tell you what, if I was sitting at the NIH and I wasn't hopelessly conflicted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4880.9s	4880.9	 I would probably have just said, listen, I don't know what the origin of the virus is. Let that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4886.2s	4886.2	 debate continue. I would not have tried to wage a public campaign against the people, against the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4892.3s	4892.3	 scientists who were honestly pursuing in good faith where this virus might have come from.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4897.7s	4897.7	 So we can learn things, maybe how to avoid something like this from happening again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4901.7s	4901.7	 The people at the NIH should not have engaged in that type of politically minded PR campaign.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4907.2s	4907.2	 They just shouldn't. That's not their job as scientists. And then to find out that they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4910.6s	4910.6	 a conflict of interest on top of that, that might be motivating that desire. That is not appropriate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4917.6s	4917.6	 I think it's really important, Freeberg, you can probably agree with this, that at some point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4921.6s	4921.6	 some journalists should really simplify this for all of us because it's an incredibly important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4929.2s	4929.2	 topic that we need to look at at the end of all of this, assuming that Omicron is the end of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4933.9s	4933.9	 chapter because it's been a horrible chapter for the world. But we do need an accounting of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4939.8s	4939.8	 truth, right? I think that's really important. Yes. Look, there was an episode many ago when I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4944.7s	4944.7	 I don't know and I don't care about whether or not the virus came out of China. And again, I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4949.2s	4949.2	 somewhat kind of misstated as the intention of why I said that. The reason I said that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4953.2s	4953.2	 and what I really meant was that what happened, even if it was a lab leak,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4957.4s	4957.4	 what happened was really the tip of the iceberg. The ability to bioengineer pathogenic organisms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4964.0s	4964.0	 is becoming ubiquitous. The toolkit to do gain of function research as it's being called in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4969.6s	4969.6	 press is a very simple toolkit. The ability to engineer organisms that can cause catastrophic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4974.9s	4974.9	 harm to the human species is becoming available on the internet and with tools that any of us can buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4980.9s	4980.9	 and use in our garage. And so what I'm more questioning and what I'm more concerned about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4984.7s	4984.7	 and what I care more about is what is our global bio defense strategy? How are we getting ahead of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4989.2s	4989.2	 the next wave of this happening? And it's not about the who said, he said, she said, those things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4993.1s	4993.1	 what those things are. It's really important to understand. We need bio defense when they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=4998.0s	4998.0	 saying it came zoonotically, they're saying it came from an animal when actually was created in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5001.9s	5001.9	 the lab. If you want to have bio defense, we got to first say that it came to the lab.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5005.1s	5005.1	 Or Yeah, you're right. Whether it separate question to me, whether it did or didn't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5010.0s	5010.0	 the tooling to do this is absolutely possible. And the ability for these sorts of viruses to leak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5015.3s	5015.3	 out and be made and turned into a weapon is significant. It's a real risk. And so I'm more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5020.9s	5020.9	 you guys, I think both of you guys are figuring out how do we solve this problem? Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5025.2s	5025.2	 both of you guys are, but both of you guys are saying nuanced versions of David is saying we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5030.1s	5030.1	 have to have an honest accounting of what happened if we could if we're supposed to actually have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5035.8s	5035.8	 an eco health Alliance. Yeah, I'm not by the way, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not just saying that. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5039.8s	5039.8	 I'm not just making I'm not just missing that. Yeah. And you're saying, we need to actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5044.0s	5044.0	 formalize gain of function research, because everybody has it. And so it's going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5049.0s	5049.0	 inappropriate for us to ignore it going to assume game and function research leads to dangerous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5054.1s	5054.1	 pathogenic bio organisms. And then we need to cancel the other and then we need to formula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5058.7s	5058.7	 doesn't and then we need to formulate a bio defense strategy. I'm just saying like we don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5062.0s	5062.0	 The implication the reason why sexist thing is important to me is the implications. We have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5066.5s	5066.5	 have an honest accounting of these implications. We saw another implication just this week in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5070.4s	5070.4	 Flint, Michigan. They shut down indefinitely the public school system in Flint, Michigan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5078.0s	5078.0	 Okay, this is a society just to give you a sense of the facts here. 90% are minority,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5083.7s	5083.7	 80% Why did they shut it down because of COVID?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5086.0s	5086.0	 Because of COVID. Yeah, because of the fear of catching COVID and spreading COVID. But the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5092.7s	5092.7	 end and 80% are minority kids, 80% are in poverty. I don't know how, you know, 80% of kids who are in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5100.4s	5100.4	 poverty are expected to have a laptop and internet access on a consistent basis, the same place that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5105.7s	5105.7	 screwed up the water system. So I don't I so I think like we have to have an honest accounting of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5111.4s	5111.4	 of all of these things because the implications are real.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5115.2s	5115.2	 This is the biggest story of our lifetimes COVID. I mean, it might be the biggest international
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5119.4s	5119.4	 incident since World War Two. And the fact that the major, let's call it prestige publications have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5126.2s	5126.2	 not really fully investigated hold on. This is is unbelievable conundrum to me, because this started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5133.2s	5133.2	 with a massive amount of coverage from BuzzFeed, Washington Post, New York Times in June of last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5140.1s	5140.1	 year 2021. They were covering this like crazy vanity fair did a major investigation. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5146.3s	5146.3	 it seems to have gone silent. And then Rand Paul has been going after this and it all of a sudden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5152.2s	5152.2	 became partisan. So the only coverage I'm seeing of it is that's independent is the intercept,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5157.1s	5157.1	 but then everything else is the hill and, you know, really weird far right stuff that want to like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5162.3s	5162.3	 you know, Fauci needs to be whatever. And how did it become so partisan if it started with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5168.6s	5168.6	 left leaning publications getting this information sacks? Like how did this become part is because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5173.2s	5173.2	 the president changed in the middle of all this? Like what do you have an honest handicapping of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5179.6s	5179.6	 why we can't get, you know, like a consensus on what's actually happening here from the press?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5184.5s	5184.5	 Is it Rand Paul's to polarizing? Well, I think what happened is if you go back to February of 2020,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5192.8s	5192.8	 if you look, I just had this conversation with Ashley Runsberg on my call in show, and you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5197.9s	5197.9	 he's been plugged. Now available. Call it. Can I he literally wrote the book on the New York Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5206.9s	5206.9	 and I asked him about their coverage of Robert account. You can trade that on Robert. So fine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5214.1s	5214.1	 Can I can I finish? This is the guy who literally this is the guy who literally wrote the book on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5220.7s	5220.7	 the New York Times. And I asked him about the New York Times coverage of COVID and COVID origins.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5225.7s	5225.7	 He says that on February 17, so basically two weeks after these officials at the NIH settle on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5232.0s	5232.0	 the conspiracy theory narrative, that that narrative is then published almost word for word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5238.5s	5238.5	 verbatim using the same language, not just the New York Times in the Washington Post across all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5243.5s	5243.5	 these major publications. So what you see there is a PR campaign. It's a concerted effort. You don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5248.9s	5248.9	 get the same words and language being used across all the major publications at the same time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5254.3s	5254.3	 unless somebody is pushing that narrative. We all know this, this is corporations do this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5258.7s	5258.7	 right? They run PR campaigns. That is what basically happened. And so the prestige media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5265.2s	5265.2	 got on board this zoonotic theory and this idea. Look, like they've done so many times,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5271.2s	5271.2	 they got on board WMD in Iraq before realizing it was a total farce and a hoax. Okay, they so they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5277.4s	5277.4	 got themselves on record behind this conspiracy theory idea. And similarly, I think the Democrats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5284.4s	5284.4	 got themselves on record as being pro-Falchi and everything because of, you know, TDS, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5290.3s	5290.3	 Anyone who's standing up to Trump must be correct and defend it. And so all of this happened in 2020.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5297.2s	5297.2	 And so by the time we now fast forward to let's call it an honest investigation of the origins of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5302.8s	5302.8	 the virus, which should be bipartisan, this should not be partisan, we should all want to know what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5308.0s	5308.0	 happened. We should all want to take the politics out of it. Because without knowing what happened,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5312.4s	5312.4	 how do we prepare for it in the future? Everyone's already like hopelessly committed to positions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5317.9s	5317.9	 they took in 2020. And I think this was driving the partisanship. Yeah, I think you're right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5324.0s	5324.0	 Yeah, I mean, that's the thing I'm trying to get to is like, when I saw you wanted to put it on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5327.6s	5327.6	 docket, I'm like, trying to grok this and I can't find I'm finding all the left leaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5334.0s	5334.0	 coverage from June of 2021. None since then. And then it's all right coverage now. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5340.3s	5340.3	 it's something we need to get some independent coverage with. So I'll take credit. I'll take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5345.5s	5345.5	 credit for saying Fauci is the biggest political loser at our all in podcast recap. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5351.0s	5351.0	 I'll take my bow now. Well, I mean, and the the other thing that's kind of half our predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5354.8s	5354.8	 have come true already. I mean, we're so correct on these things. The thing that's I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5360.4s	5360.4	 just infuriating right now is that everybody is trying to manipulate the public. And they have not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5367.9s	5367.9	 understood that in this media environment, the truth comes out kind of not only eventually,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5373.8s	5373.8	 but pretty quickly. So stop trying to game the public either way that the vaccines don't work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5379.2s	5379.2	 or they do work delay, they've delayed the public reckoning on this by what, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5383.0s	5383.0	 two years? Well, here's the thing. There's a so I agree with you on that. There's also a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5386.7s	5386.7	 FOA release that happened in the UK, where and it's a little too much to get into right now. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5392.3s	5392.3	 this FOA release now is looking at all the people who died in the UK of COVID.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5397.2s	5397.2	 And it turns out like maybe more people are dying because they didn't get their cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5400.9s	5400.9	 or a large number of people died because they didn't go in to get tested for cancer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5404.7s	5404.7	 And all of this is going to come out eventually. And not putting out every day, the ages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5411.6s	5411.6	 and the comorbidities of people who died of COVID just led to this feeling that we're getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5416.4s	5416.4	 gamed and turning on CNN and seeing the case counts in a cumulative chart is like a startup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5421.4s	5421.4	 giving me like the cumulative number of people who registered for their company, but for their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5425.7s	5425.7	 product, we don't care about that. We want to know your daily active users. What about what about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5428.8s	5428.8	 catastrophic impact of school closures that we've been talking about this show repeatedly?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5433.6s	5433.6	 Everything's being manipulated. Stop manipulating the public.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5436.8s	5436.8	 Look, you have to realize that there is huge political motivations here because huge CYA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5442.4s	5442.4	 going on because the heads of the teachers union said there is no learning loss. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5447.7s	5447.7	 are the ones who lobby to shut the schools down. They sure as hell aren't going to admit their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5451.6s	5451.6	 mistake now. They're covering it up. And so any politician who takes their money is basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5456.9s	5456.9	 they're going to muffle their criticism. There's only one really honest like left wing guy I've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5461.5s	5461.5	 seen acknowledge the school closure issue, which was Jonathan Chait had a great article.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5466.7s	5466.7	 In New York magazine, saying that progressives must acknowledge the mistake of school closures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5471.8s	5471.8	 because otherwise we can't learn from it. He has been a voice in the wilderness on that side of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5476.0s	5476.0	 the aisle. We got to wrap up. Now that sax has cracked open the plugs. What are we all working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5481.8s	5481.8	 on? Because I want to give a plug to Friedberg, who did a great interview on a tech podcast called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5488.8s	5488.8	 this week in startups where he announced Tana. So it's a dual plug here. Friday's episode of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5494.4s	5494.4	 week in startups. Maybe you could tell us a little bit about the launch of Kana your new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5499.7s	5499.7	 replicator. We're just announcing the business, which I talked about a lot on Jason's pod. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5505.6s	5505.6	 definitely worth hearing. But as you guys know, I've talked a lot about this concept of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5508.8s	5508.8	 decentralized manufacturing, where we can kind of move old school industrial production systems,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5514.4s	5514.4	 which are super inefficient, we use lots of resources, move stuff into factories,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5518.1s	5518.1	 process them and then ship the products back out. And, you know, technology now allows us to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5523.4s	5523.4	 more distributed or decentralized manufacturing, potentially. So what you know, what we've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5529.1s	5529.1	 working on for three years at this point is a company called Kana, which is really about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5533.2s	5533.2	 you know, printing beverages in your home. So you can use a single device to print ice coffee or ice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5540.7s	5540.7	 tea, cocktail, juice, wine, soda, etc. All using a single flavoring system and water from your from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5548.1s	5548.1	 your sink. We talked more about it on the pod. But I think this is a big theme, you know, forget
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5552.7s	5552.7	 about Kana for a second, but generally, like the systems of old, like, you know, the Industrial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5557.6s	5557.6	 Revolution created all these old school systems that are big contributors to carbon emissions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5562.8s	5562.8	 and are super resource inefficient. And I do think that everything from 3d printing to bio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5567.8s	5567.8	 manufacturing to the system that we kind of introduced today with Kana, can completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5573.1s	5573.1	 reinvent our global industries in different ways, and ultimately lead to cheaper products,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5578.4s	5578.4	 better products and products that use much less natural resources and put less carbon out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5583.1s	5583.1	 And so it's been a big thing that we've been working on. I'm excited to kind of open it up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5587.1s	5587.1	 a little bit and talk more about what we're doing. So thanks for having me on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5592.2s	5592.2	 Hired the muth as a spokesperson, he may or may not have his brand on here, we'll see that we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5596.5s	5596.5	 so right now the business is is signing up lots of different folks that can create digital beverage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5603.2s	5603.2	 brands. And so if any of you guys want to have J Cal's, you know, our cider, hard cider,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5608.8s	5608.8	 here we go, we'll be launching that. But that's actually told me his his new, his new soda that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5615.7s	5615.7	 he's going to be bringing, it's called it youth cola, it has five times the sugar of Coca Cola.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5621.2s	5621.2	 Other than that, it's just like any other colder, but you get five times the calories,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5624.7s	5624.7	 like drips out like maple syrup. I'd like to I'd like to do a plug, I'm sorry, project,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5630.0s	5630.0	 you know, but I want to I want to say it again. In Genesee County in Michigan, Flint,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5634.8s	5634.8	 that indefinitely shut down their public schools this week, what is going on, you have thousands of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5640.4s	5640.4	 kids who at best will have to learn via zoom and internet access that most of these kids may or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5647.4s	5647.4	 may not have because, again, you know, they're they're in poverty. And so I just want to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5654.0s	5654.0	 sure that everybody just understands that everybody tweet that and self inflicted wounds. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5659.1s	5659.1	 here's the thing, these kids, this is one of Eric Adams,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5664.2s	5664.2	 90% minority 80% in poverty, all virtual until further notice. Well, here's what's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5670.0s	5670.0	 happen to it goes right against the CDC guidelines. Okay. And this is really the accounting of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5677.6s	5677.6	 cost. And we are as we said before, learning loss in our kids is going to be the single biggest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5682.5s	5682.5	 thing we look back in 20 years coming out of this pandemic, and realize was the biggest price we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5688.7s	5688.7	 paid for this. So here's the stupidity of it. The what the Eric Adams and the New York City,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5696.2s	5696.2	 you know, sort of leadership, we're talking about this. When these kids are in school,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5700.8s	5700.8	 okay, there's a chance they're going to get Omicron, like everybody got Omicron, like everybody has it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5704.7s	5704.7	 now. Like, it's crazy how many people in our circle have it. The only person who doesn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5707.7s	5707.7	 is Phil Hellmuth. Now, what's going to happen when they go home, or they're not in school,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5714.4s	5714.4	 and they're hanging out with their friends or looking for something, they're going to get it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5718.1s	5718.1	 anyway. What Eric Adams said is that school is the safest place for them to be. Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5725.6s	5725.6	 School shutdowns are just so insane to me right now. It makes no freaking sense. UNICEF had an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5730.8s	5730.8	 article, which I'll dig up, where they said that the cost in future earnings by this generation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5737.5s	5737.5	 of students who suffered learning loss is going to be 17 trillion worldwide. That's going to be the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5743.6s	5743.6	 economic impact from this thing, not to mention the stunts, social and emotional development
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5749.0s	5749.0	 by locking these kids down for anxiety, PTSD. I mean, this is going to create
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5754.0s	5754.0	 depression in kids. We need to solve this. We got it. We got to get that we got to get the schools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5758.8s	5758.8	 in Flint open. Alright, everybody for the dictator Chamath, Polly Hoppatea, David Friedberg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5766.0s	5766.0	 the Sultan of Science, and the Rain Man himself, David Sachs, I'm Jay Kal. We'll see you next time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5803.6s	5803.6	 My
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5807.2s	5807.2	 just have one big huge orgy because they're all just like this like sexual tension, but they just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9n9db373e8&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=71&t=5811.6s	5811.6	 need to release them out. What your feet? We need to get merch.
