https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=0.0s	0.0	 I now have a chief of staff. He's pretty great. He's worked for me for a while and he's doing a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4.0s	4.0	 great job. But it's actually really helped. I will say that. And then I started a family office.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=8.1s	8.1	 Wow. Congrats. What does that mean? You have a place in your home that you call an office?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=15.0s	15.0	 You don't like to bring your refrigerator in as an office? That's a family office. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=19.0s	19.0	 the family goes in and they talk about office stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=21.6s	21.6	 Where does Jade put the stickies that say we're out of granola bars in the family office?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=30.4s	30.4	 Rain Man, David Satin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=43.3s	43.3	 Hey everybody. Welcome to another episode of the All In Podcast, episode 72, part deux.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=49.5s	49.5	 With us today again, the Prince of Panic Attacks, the Sultan of Science, David Friedberg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=55.1s	55.1	 The Prince of Panic Attacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=59.3s	59.3	 Oh yes, and also-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=60.6s	60.6	 The Zephyr of Zoloft.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=64.2s	64.2	 Also, as you're hearing, cackling the Duke of Degeneracy, the dictator himself, Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=70.1s	70.1	 Pali, Hapiti. And of course, everybody's favorite, the Rain Man himself, the drunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=75.6s	75.6	 history channel uncle, David Sacks. I mean, David, I follow you on Twitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=81.9s	81.9	 You're tweeting 50 times a day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=83.8s	83.8	 Oh, I was thinking the same thing. When do you work?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=86.9s	86.9	 What has happened to you? You won't meet with startups anymore. I bring you startups. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=90.8s	90.8	 said, you know what, I'm no longer going to meet with startups.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=92.8s	92.8	 You're like stuck in your room tweeting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=94.0s	94.0	 I don't do first meetings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=96.8s	96.8	 That is the end of your career. Huge mistake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=100.7s	100.7	 No, it preserves my energy. There's nothing more draining than endlessly spending your day in first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=105.6s	105.6	 meetings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=106.2s	106.2	 No, why don't you just have a short first meeting, like a 15 minute first meeting?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=110.0s	110.0	 Well, that's what we have a team for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=114.1s	114.1	 They don't because we know exactly what we're looking for. SaaS investing is very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=117.4s	117.4	 metrics driven. And so the first meeting, yeah, exactly. So it's like, you know, the first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=122.4s	122.4	 meeting, we just find out, do they meet our basic threshold for love it for growth?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=126.6s	126.6	 And yeah, exactly. Yeah. So we run the numbers and then I will meet with them if they look good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=132.4s	132.4	 I love this. I would like all VCs to take the same approach. And I will let everybody know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=138.8s	138.8	 my DMS are open. Jason at calacanis.com. I will take the first meeting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=142.6s	142.6	 Sax, I need to call you after this. One of our businesses, which is not in SaaS has started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=147.4s	147.4	 to sell SaaS software. And we've already booked $40 million of fucking ACV by complete accident
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=154.2s	154.2	 from zero. You stepped in it. And I need some advice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=158.0s	158.0	 Okay. Yeah, let's talk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=159.2s	159.2	 All right, everybody. It's been a bit of a crazy couple of weeks here. And we have to start with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=167.1s	167.1	 the war in Ukraine and do a bit of an update. It's been over 20 days, the death toll continues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=173.0s	173.0	 to climb. We don't know exact numbers here. It's very hard to get information. We're not experts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=177.8s	177.8	 We don't have boots on the ground. But according to the New York Times, 7000 Russian troops have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=184.8s	184.8	 been killed. And Zelensky said on March 12 1300 Ukrainian troops have been killed. I think we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=192.2s	192.2	 got three or four angles we need to talk about here. One, I want to talk about food supply.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=197.1s	197.1	 With Friedberg, since you ran climate calm and have a lot of expertise in that. And of course,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=201.9s	201.9	 Ukraine and Russia are the breadbasket of the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=205.1s	205.1	 Trimoth, I want to talk about markets, of course. But let's go to our History Channel uncle first,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=211.1s	211.1	 Sax. You have been going down the rabbit hole looking at the history of this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=216.4s	216.4	 Let me just ask you just a point in question. Is Russia losing the war? And if they are losing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=225.3s	225.3	 the war, is that even a possibility that they're losing the war? Are they losing the war?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=229.9s	229.9	 And then what is the exit ramp here? And what does it mean on a go forward basis?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=233.8s	233.8	 Right. I think great question. So here's where I think we stand three weeks into the war is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=239.4s	239.4	 Putin clearly miscalculated. He thought this would be a cakewalk. Obviously, it has turned out not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=243.6s	243.6	 to be. The Ukrainians have put up very fierce resistance. The Russians have taken very serious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=248.8s	248.8	 casualties and losses. And so the war is very much up in the air. The outcome is very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=255.2s	255.2	 much in doubt. So I think Putin was overconfident, made a political, economic, and obviously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=262.4s	262.4	 humanitarian mistake. But I think three weeks in, here is where I would characterize things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=267.4s	267.4	 is it feels to me like the West might be making a similar mistake of sort of excessive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=274.2s	274.2	 overconfidence and triumphalism, meaning that we think the rest of this war is going to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=278.6s	278.6	 cakewalk. And the reason I say that, let me just give you some examples and then tell you why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=283.0s	283.0	 it may not be a cakewalk. So you've got Francis Fukuyama had a piece this week. Basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=287.5s	287.5	 he's back with the end of history. He predicts that, you know, imminent Russian defeat and that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=291.8s	291.8	 there's going to be a new birth of freedom for the West. It's going to be like the Bush Doctrine and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=296.9s	296.9	 20 years of failed policy in the Middle East never happened. You got David from, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=300.8s	300.8	 all that predicting mission accomplished, just like the Iraq War. He said the springtime is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=305.6s	305.6	 going to be bad for anyone who bet on Putin, his words, which in his view is anyone who isn't a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=310.7s	310.7	 basically a neocon who favors regime change. You had a piece get a lot of circulation over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=315.8s	315.8	 last week in the US China perception monitor by, I think, a former Chinese observer named Hu Wei.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=324.9s	324.9	 And he basically predicted that China would be under so much pressure by what the Russians have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=330.8s	330.8	 done, you know, in terms of humanitarian losses, that they would come out basically denouncing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=337.4s	337.4	 Russia and support the West. And then, of course, I think the final example of what you might call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=343.3s	343.3	 Western triumphalism right now is that absolutely no one in Washington seems to be pushing for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=347.4s	347.4	 ceasefire. They're all, you know, they're all paying lip service, at least to this no-fly zone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=353.0s	353.0	 idea. Biden and the squad seem to be the last holdouts for the idea of not imposing no-fly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=359.6s	359.6	 zone. So I would say right now, the West seems to be very confident about the way this war is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=364.6s	364.6	 and not inclined to make any compromises or concessions. I just want to flag quickly why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=370.1s	370.1	 that you know, why there might be some clouds on the silver lining. So you had a Washington Post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=374.6s	374.6	 article, first of all, warning, it was very interesting that Ukrainian military progress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=379.6s	379.6	 may not be as great as their, quote, STRATCOM, their strategic communications, you know, aka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=385.3s	385.3	 propaganda. So in other words, the Ukrainians are very effective at fighting the information war,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=390.9s	390.9	 but the Russians are still making progress on the ground. You also had this Washington Post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=396.2s	396.2	 story about neo-Nazis flocking from all over Europe to Ukraine to fight for the cause. Again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=401.8s	401.8	 that story got, it's very troubling and it got no likes or retweets because it just doesn't fit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=406.6s	406.6	 the great narrative here. You've got the slow motion humanitarian-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=409.8s	409.8	 Is that true? Like this-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=410.8s	410.8	 Yeah, let's come back to it. Let me lay out all the issues and we can come back to it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=413.8s	413.8	 You've got the slow motion humanitarian disaster of, you know, a billion people across the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=418.2s	418.2	 potentially starving if the spring planting doesn't happen, which we should let Friedberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=422.2s	422.2	 speak to more. You've got the fact that Russia can still escalate this war. I mean, they could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=426.6s	426.6	 still rubble cities, Belarus could enter the war and, you know, God forbid they could even use WMD.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=433.3s	433.3	 And then you have this idea, this dream of toppling Putin. Probably, look, it could happen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=438.4s	438.4	 but probably a fantasy. You had 200,000 protesters, pro-war protesters turn out in Moscow today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=444.2s	444.2	 Nationalism is still strong in Russia. Yes, there's anti-war protesters there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=448.2s	448.2	 but the Russian people at the moment seem to be still behind Putin. And then I think you had today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=456.1s	456.1	 the foreign minister of China came out with a statement really throwing cold water on the idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=461.5s	461.5	 that they support the West. They basically denounced the West for NATO expansion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=465.6s	465.6	 So this whole idea of the Chinese bowing to Western media pressure, which they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=470.2s	470.2	 in other contexts call the Baizhou influence. I think that's a fantasy that is not going to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=475.8s	475.8	 So look, I think that, you know, we all support the Ukrainian cause. We all support their desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=483.0s	483.0	 for freedom, their freedom from domination, from this Russian war of aggression. But what I wonder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=489.9s	489.9	 about is whether this would be the opportune time for Washington to try and push for a ceasefire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=496.8s	496.8	 instead of a no-fly zone. And we should talk more about what that might look like.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=501.5s	501.5	 Can I give you a psychological assessment of I think what's happening right now?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=505.1s	505.1	 Yes, great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=506.1s	506.1	 Just as somebody who, as you know, you guys and I were just joking, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=509.9s	509.9	 six days just being mostly off the grid with my notifications off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=516.3s	516.3	 I was really like, honestly, like you kind of like go through this dopamine fast and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=521.0s	521.0	 what it actually helps you do is pick out better signal. And, you know, with all respect,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=526.6s	526.6	 Sax, I think like a lot of what you said is not really as meaningful signal as the following,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=533.4s	533.4	 which is the most important thing that happened was both sides basically said the surface area
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=538.5s	538.5	 of a deal was very much in sight and that they were down to three or four points. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=543.0s	543.0	 that that didn't get reported nearly as much as it probably should have. And what I thought was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=547.9s	547.9	 psychologically interesting was that as soon as that was said, the next few days was when the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=553.2s	553.2	 rhetoric got ratcheted up extremely aggressively on both sides. And the way that I interpret that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=559.6s	559.6	 typically is having done deals, that's typically when you're closest to a deal and you're trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=563.8s	563.8	 to get the last few tees and sees. And in that same construct as applied to Ukraine and Russia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=569.0s	569.0	 I suspect what's happening is they both put out the trial balloon. It was well received on both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=573.5s	573.5	 sides. The surface area is now down to a few points. I'm not saying that those are justifiable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=579.0s	579.0	 in the end, but I think that if both of these two parties want to come to a ceasefire, which I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=583.0s	583.0	 it does, we're probably much, much closer than anybody thinks. And right now, all of this rhetoric
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=587.8s	587.8	 is meant to basically try to get the other side to budge a little bit more. And so I suspect,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=592.6s	592.6	 and you know, I could be completely wrong, is that we're much closer to a ceasefire than anybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=597.7s	597.7	 thinks. And I suspect that you could see something in the next two to three weeks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=601.1s	601.1	 And I think that that's really hopeful because you want this thing to come to an end.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=604.7s	604.7	 The thing I'm trying to parse here, and I don't know if anybody here can even answer this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=610.1s	610.1	 is how did how did we either underestimate or overestimate, depending on the time, Russia's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=619.4s	619.4	 ability to invade another country?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=622.1s	622.1	 I think I think the thing is we have we can't even estimate correctly. So for example, there was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=626.6s	626.6	 something that said there was 100 out of 100 Russia has 170 battalions, apparently, I don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=633.7s	633.7	 if that's true or not, right, of which 100 were sent in, we don't know if that's true or not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=638.2s	638.2	 of which Ukraine apparently destroyed 50, of which we don't know if that's true or not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=642.6s	642.6	 So we're left to guess. And unfortunately, what that does is that people psychologically then fit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=647.5s	647.5	 as David has used in the past your priors, what are your biases, right, what narrative fallacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=653.0s	653.0	 do you want to believe, and then you're going to fit so the pro-Russian factions will say that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=657.1s	657.1	 entirely not true. The pro-Ukrainian factions will say actually, it's even greater than that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=661.8s	661.8	 huge sustained military losses. The truth is somewhere in the middle that will only get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=666.2s	666.2	 accounted for after a ceasefire is in place. So I think we almost need to again, we can get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=672.2s	672.2	 caught in this fog of war, and talk about this stuff in ways which we don't accurately know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=678.0s	678.0	 or we can level up and say the thing that we both know is there was on the record statements by the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=682.6s	682.6	 foreign minister of Russia and the president of Ukraine, that a ceasefire and the surface area of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=687.6s	687.6	 that ceasefire is within sight. And unless something is materially changed, and in the last three days,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=694.1s	694.1	 which it hasn't, it means we are really, really close to this being done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=698.4s	698.4	 So I agree with a lot of what Tomas said, I don't think it contradicts anything I said before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=702.7s	702.7	 I agree that there was a big piece of news this week that caused markets to rally for three days,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=707.2s	707.2	 which is the announcement of a proposed 15-point peace deal. And we do know sort of the key
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=713.4s	713.4	 features of that deal. It means that the three big features are Ukrainian neutrality, so they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=719.8s	719.8	 don't become members of NATO. You had Zelensky saying that NATO membership was off the table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=723.8s	723.8	 Ukraine can't host foreign troops bases or weaponry, there'd be limits on Ukraine's military,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=728.2s	728.2	 but they would get security guarantees from the allies. So it wouldn't be a complete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=731.7s	731.7	 demilitarization. And then the other pieces of it were Ukraine recognizing Russia's control of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=738.6s	738.6	 Crimea, recognizing that's not coming back. And then some sort of independence recognized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=742.8s	742.8	 for the disputed territories in the Donbass. So I think you're right, Chamath, that everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=749.0s	749.0	 now knows the broad contours of what a peace deal would look like. And the markets are starting to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=756.1s	756.1	 price in them getting to that peace deal. But I'm worried that if you look at it from the point of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=762.1s	762.1	 view of what people in Washington say, that there's no pressure here coming from Washington
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=769.8s	769.8	 for Zelensky, who's basically our client, he's an American client, to make a deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=776.1s	776.1	 If you compare this to, say, the 1973 Yom Kippur War where the US was on the side of Israel,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=782.0s	782.0	 but still acted as a peacemaker and got a ceasefire done, you know, Kissinger got that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=786.7s	786.7	 deal done, even though we were on the Israeli side, you don't really hear anyone in Washington
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=791.6s	791.6	 saying, let's get a deal done. So I hope you're right. But-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=794.8s	794.8	 It's because you're not, we're not talking about the elephant in the room,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=798.3s	798.3	 which is that in the Yom Kippur War, the unitary resolve and the military dominance of America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=803.9s	803.9	 was undisputed. And so as a result, its ability to be the mediator was also undisputed. We've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=809.8s	809.8	 already talked about this when Biden called the UAE in Saudi, they wouldn't even pick up the phone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=814.6s	814.6	 The people that are negotiating this peace treaty right now are Naftali Bennett and Emmanuel Macron.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=820.7s	820.7	 So we're not at the table. So I think a lot of what we're hearing as well is just a lot of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=825.0s	825.0	 rejection and the psychological, you know, kind of anger that we have to not being even part of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=829.8s	829.8	 the process. Maybe the world doesn't want us to have such an outsized world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=834.4s	834.4	 Well, the point is, we've moved past that. Whether you wanted us to be involved in it or not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=839.0s	839.0	 we're not involved. And we are not the principal mediators in this. And I hope to God that Israel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=844.7s	844.7	 and France and whoever else is at the table gets this done. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=848.6s	848.6	 Yeah, I agree with that. But here's my concern is I think everyone knows the broad contours of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=852.8s	852.8	 deal. But if you're Russia, or you're Ukraine, you're getting daily reports of what's happening on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=857.8s	857.8	 the battlefield. And if you think you're winning, you have an incentive to stall the peace process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=862.4s	862.4	 to cement greater gains and get more leverage for those remaining details and negotiating points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=868.1s	868.1	 And so if Zelensky thinks that the Ukrainians are making progress on the battlefield,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=872.5s	872.5	 he's going to wait. And so neither one of them, I think, left to their own devices can be fully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=877.7s	877.7	 trusted to make a deal. I think you need the US applying some pressure or acting in a pot in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=885.7s	885.7	 constructive way towards the process. And I think it's a huge problem that the US is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=891.1s	891.1	 viewed as a peacemaker. We're basically viewed as so partisan and on the side of Ukraine that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=896.2s	896.2	 no one is involved. David, we've talked on this pod about us not being the global police officer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=901.8s	901.8	 of the world, and that other people need to stand up. So maybe the lesson here is, you know, maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=906.8s	906.8	 strategically, Jason, it's not like we were called on, and we didn't stand up, we weren't called on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=911.3s	911.3	 Well, okay, that's what we assume that I mean, we don't have perfect information either. But let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=915.3s	915.3	 get to Friedberg here. I think the other wrinkle in all of this, and I think it's quite positive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=920.6s	920.6	 is sanctions are seeming to have a profound impact here. And people are looking at them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=927.2s	927.2	 as potentially maybe cyber warfare and just, you know, actual tactical warfare on battlefields
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=935.4s	935.4	 is less important than economic warfare. And Russia has been essentially cancelled from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=940.6s	940.6	 global economy from visa to McDonald's, to exports. And these sanctions are not just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=947.4s	947.4	 government sanctions. These are people opting into them, whether it's corporations,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=952.4s	952.4	 and other entities saying, we're just not going to do commerce with Russia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=957.3s	957.3	 Unfortunately, and this is something you have great expertise on. And so we're lucky to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=961.7s	961.7	 you here to talk about it. People may or may not know this. I'm happy to be here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=966.5s	966.5	 This is the breadbasket of the world. They export more wheat than anybody. And they also export
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=971.0s	971.0	 fertilizer, soybeans and some other inputs, which we've talked about previously, that provide meat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=979.1s	979.1	 for the world. So what can you tell us about the downstream effects of there not being potentially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=988.9s	988.9	 or half as much crops coming out next year? And what would happen in places that are the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=993.8s	993.8	 beneficiaries or dependent on wheat and fertilizer from Russia?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=998.9s	998.9	 So there's a number of first order and then second order effects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1005.6s	1005.6	 that are not just about sanctions, but also about export controls by Russia that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1011.5s	1011.5	 are creating swings in food markets like we've never seen, and will almost certainly lead to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1017.1s	1017.1	 widespread famine by the end of this year at this point. So the first important point to note is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1024.6s	1024.6	 about 15% of the world's calories come from wheat. About a third of that wheat comes from Russia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1029.6s	1029.6	 Ukraine, Russia has banned export of wheat. And the wheat spring planting season is like now this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1036.9s	1036.9	 week. And there's not a lot of planting going on. You know, a lot of commodity folks are in the field
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1041.9s	1041.9	 trying to figure out who's actually going to go to field and plant. But no one's making,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1048.2s	1048.2	 you know, the concerted effort that they normally would under normal circumstances. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1051.9s	1051.9	 not only is the current wheat supply in Russia, Ukraine blocked up and cannot make its way to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1056.9s	1056.9	 countries like Africa, or countries in Africa and elsewhere, but the future planting season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1063.4s	1063.4	 is now significantly at risk. And again, that's 15% of global calories. And I just to take a step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1068.4s	1068.4	 back, the whole planet Earth operates on a 90 day food supply. So once we stop making food,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1075.3s	1075.3	 humans run out of food in 90 days. So another way to think about that is our food supply excess,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1080.2s	1080.2	 our capacity in excess is about 25% of our global production. So if our global production goes down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1087.2s	1087.2	 by 12%, we've lost half of our global food supply. And that's not just linearly across all nations,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1092.8s	1092.8	 what happens is the most vulnerable nations lose their food supply first, and the richer nations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1097.2s	1097.2	 buy that food supply to secure their populations calories. And so you very quickly see a bifurcation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1103.5s	1103.5	 happen when you have a shortage in a food supply like this of just a few points, where suddenly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1108.6s	1108.6	 famine is a real risk. And we already have about 800 million people on Earth that are subsisting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1114.7s	1114.7	 on below 1200 calories a day. So this very quickly tips the bucket in a significant way in a number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1120.9s	1120.9	 of countries that's going to be really awful. And that's just on the wheat supply and wheat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1126.2s	1126.2	 planting problem. The bigger problem is the energy price plot problem and the phosphorus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1131.5s	1131.5	 and potassium problem. All fertilizer is made up of nitrogen, phosphorus or potassium. Those are the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1137.2s	1137.2	 three major types of fertilizer that farmers around the world have to use every year in order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1141.9s	1141.9	 to grow that crop without fertilizer plants don't grow. Nitrogen is made from natural gas, 98% of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1147.3s	1147.3	 the world's ammonia is made from natural gas. Natural gas prices, as you guys know, have doubled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1152.2s	1152.2	 and the futures market looks like in some places, natural gas prices going up like 4x. As a result,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1157.9s	1157.9	 the price of ammonia fertilizer, nitrogen based fertilizer has gone from $200 a ton to $1,000 a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1164.2s	1164.2	 ton. So it's five times as expensive to buy basic ammonia fertilizer today than it was a few weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1170.0s	1170.0	 ago or a few months ago. And so this is now leading a lot of farmers around. And then the other big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1174.3s	1174.3	 problem is phosphorus. So phosphorus, you know, by some estimates, I mean, you know, there's a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1182.1s	1182.1	 variation around here, but about 10% of the world's phosphate comes out of Russia. And about, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1189.9s	1189.9	 call it 25% of the world's potassium comes out of Russia, potash. Both of those markets are blocked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1196.1s	1196.1	 up. They are sanctioned and they have banned exports. Russia has through the rest of 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1200.8s	1200.8	 So around the world, the cost to make nitrogen fertilizer has skyrocketed because of natural
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1205.3s	1205.3	 gas prices because of the Russia problem. And Russia is not exporting potassium and phosphorus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1210.2s	1210.2	 And as a result, the price of nitrogen has gone from $200 to $1,000. The price of potassium has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1214.8s	1214.8	 gone from $200 to $700. And the price of phosphorus has gone from $250 to $700. So now it's so expensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1221.8s	1221.8	 to grow a crop that a lot of farmers around the world are pulling acres out of production.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1227.0s	1227.0	 And they're actually going to grow less this year than they would have otherwise because it is so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1231.2s	1231.2	 expensive and they cannot access fertilizer locally to plant crops. So not only do we have the wheat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1236.6s	1236.6	 problem, we now also have the fertilizer problem and the acres coming out of production problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1242.5s	1242.5	 And so food supplies are going to go down even further and this is going to become even more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1246.2s	1246.2	 catastrophic. And so there's a scrambling going on right now. Food prices around the world, as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1251.3s	1251.3	 result, everyone starts buying up all the commodities. They buy up all the corn, they buy up the soybeans,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1255.2s	1255.2	 they buy up the wheat. And the price for corn has nearly doubled from where it was in July of 2020.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1262.0s	1262.0	 The price of soybeans, the price of wheat are all skyrocketing. And in a lot of countries, they cannot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1267.2s	1267.2	 afford to acquire and individuals cannot afford to buy food with the skyrocketing commodity prices.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1275.4s	1275.4	 Can I ask you a question? I think it's estimated that the US food supply,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1281.4s	1281.4	 if you could X out the waste, would actually feed most of the developing world because I think 30
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1285.9s	1285.9	 to 40% of all of our food is wasted. Can you do something with that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1289.3s	1289.3	 Yeah, that is actually true. A lot of that happens at the point of consumption. So it's in people's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1294.6s	1294.6	 homes. So it's a reverse supply chain problem where we throw away a lot of stale bread and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1301.4s	1301.4	 cereal that goes bad or whatever. There's some in the fresh vegetables market, but generally,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1306.8s	1306.8	 the core calorie producing commodities are rice, wheat, potatoes, and corn. Those commodities don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1316.3s	1316.3	 go bad in the supply chain. They end up getting tossed out at the end of the supply chain, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1319.9s	1319.9	 is at the point of consumption at home. So I'm not sure there's a real solution there right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1324.6s	1324.6	 The bigger issue is how do you get bulk commodities to the places that are going to need them over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1328.6s	1328.6	 the next 12 months? So look, right now, we're reducing food supplies, stocks around the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1333.7s	1333.7	 There are strategic reserves that are getting opened up and being released.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1337.1s	1337.1	 As that starts to get diminished and as the production numbers start to come out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1343.0s	1343.0	 it looks like less acres are in production. God willing, we have a good weather year everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1348.4s	1348.4	 this year because a bad weather year in some markets could completely decimate the remaining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1353.0s	1353.0	 supply that's coming out this year. Regardless, it is going to be a humanitarian disaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1358.0s	1358.0	 within a year and we will see hundreds of millions of people go starving and there will be potentially.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1364.0s	1364.0	 You said hundreds of millions of people? Hundreds of millions of people will go starving. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1367.1s	1367.1	 never happened in the history of humanity. 800 million people already live on below 1200 calories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1372.7s	1372.7	 a year right now. So you're predicting that over 100 million people will die because of this? I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1377.5s	1377.5	 don't know about death. Famine. Famine is this short of calories. Within a market, it's not like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1382.5s	1382.5	 hey, there's no food. There will be strategic reserves released. There will be stuff, but it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1386.6s	1386.6	 won't be enough. We just don't have enough in the way supply chains are set up. There just isn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1390.9s	1390.9	 enough. Once again, we found another supply chain weakness like we did in COVID over and over again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1398.4s	1398.4	 So free bird. And strategic supplies will be released, but then hoarding is starting. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1403.7s	1403.7	 David, you take it after this, but the one question I had was maybe talk to me about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1407.6s	1407.6	 concept of hoarding because there seems to be a cascading effect and you kind of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1412.2s	1412.2	 Well, yeah, it's not just talking about it a little bit. As with any market guys, as you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1416.7s	1416.7	 when there's scarcity, people come in and buy at a faster pace. You know, everyone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1422.1s	1422.1	 And so this is a market dynamic. It's not like people are physically hoarding loaves of bread,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1425.9s	1425.9	 but commodity traders, countries, strategic reserves, they start buying up what they can get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1431.4s	1431.4	 to prepare for the famine that's coming. Then prices go even higher and then it kicks other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1435.3s	1435.3	 people out of the market that couldn't afford to buy it. And the whole thing gets really ugly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1438.9s	1438.9	 really fast. And there's no off ramp here. There's no way to solve this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1441.7s	1441.7	 Well, what free bird out? Yeah. The thing I want to ask you is if we had a peace deal right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1445.5s	1445.5	 a ceasefire, would we avoid this outcome? I mean, like how long, how long do we have to avoid this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1450.0s	1450.0	 We need Russia to reopen fertilizer export markets. Now we need natural gas prices to come down now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1456.9s	1456.9	 and we need them to plant the spring wheat. Those are three things that need to happen to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1460.6s	1460.6	 solve this problem. If those three things don't happen, we're going into spring right now. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1465.4s	1465.4	 around the world in the Northern hemisphere, farmers are making plans. They're planting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1469.7s	1469.7	 they're deciding how much fertilizer to use. And so as this market starts to work itself out over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1475.8s	1475.8	 the next few months, a lot of the commodity traders and the ag departments, they publish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1480.4s	1480.4	 these planting reports and they talk about how many acres of what were planted and then everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1484.0s	1484.0	 forecast how much the supply will be. And we're going to start to see these uglier numbers come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1487.9s	1487.9	 out over the next few weeks and months. Meanwhile, we're seeing supplies dwindle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1491.6s	1491.6	 and Russia's holding all this stuff. So they're holding hostage, phosphorus, potassium,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1498.3s	1498.3	 and the natural gas pricing is just what it is. Remember, there are ammonia plants everywhere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1503.4s	1503.4	 There are ammonia plants and all ammonia plants use natural gas to create this nitrogen-based ammonia.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1509.7s	1509.7	 Let me make a statement and I'd love your reaction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1514.2s	1514.2	 We're finding out all of these externalities that was made with underlying poor scientific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1521.3s	1521.3	 reasoning that has caused these issues to be exacerbated. So we know, for example,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1525.7s	1525.7	 that our over-reliance on Russian hydrocarbons could have been mitigated with nuclear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1530.1s	1530.1	 but we fell for shoddy science and we fell for a bunch of uninformed people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1537.0s	1537.0	 ran this banner of environmental protection. So they screwed us. And those people now have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1544.0s	1544.0	 meaningfully less credibility. Let me give you another cohort, Freeberg, and you tell me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1548.4s	1548.4	 All the people that pushed back on GMO and said GMO was unacceptable, it could never happen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1555.1s	1555.1	 it has to be X, Y, and Z way. And there are ways where we could have been working on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1561.6s	1561.6	 plants that had different mechanisms of action in order to actually absorb and retain nutrients
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1567.9s	1567.9	 from the soil in different ways that would have made us less reliant in exactly the way in which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1572.6s	1572.6	 fertilizer works. True or false? Yeah, GMO technology as a former Monsanto executive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1578.2s	1578.2	 you can call me a Monsanto shill here. But yeah, GMO technology has been hindered globally by a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1586.6s	1586.6	 challenge to adopt it. And there are techniques and technologies that have not been aggressively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1593.6s	1593.6	 developed because of the concern on approvals. Just to get a single GMO trait approved in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1598.6s	1598.6	 United States today and get it to market can take seven to 13 years. And even then, you have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1604.0s	1604.0	 still go get China to approve it because they're the biggest importer. And you have to get all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1608.3s	1608.3	 these other market participants to approve it. And there are multiple agencies to get to approve it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1613.3s	1613.3	 Europe is finally, the EU is finally coming back to the GMO problem and saying, you know what,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1617.8s	1617.8	 precision gene editing can actually be beneficial to growing more stuff. Now, would it have solved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1623.4s	1623.4	 this particular crisis? Sorry, can I just say what's so ridiculous about this? The fact that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1628.2s	1628.2	 we have a modern agrarian economy is because we actually did figure out a way to do GMO,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1633.8s	1633.8	 except we used the Punnett square and we use successive iterations. But the minute that you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1638.3s	1638.3	 try to scientifically scale it in a lab, all of a sudden, that same process is not does not make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1644.2s	1644.2	 any sense to me. That's, it's just intellectually so inconsistent. Yeah, the thing that really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1649.3s	1649.3	 scares people about GMO, like, I mean, I've spent a lot of time on GMOs. And the reason people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1654.1s	1654.1	 upset, I have a broader philosophical belief in that do you believe in that inconsistency,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1657.8s	1657.8	 that intellectual inconsistency? How do you think somebody from, you know, pre BC to today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1662.2s	1662.2	 I think that agriculture iterated on our week? No, I think agriculture itself is technology.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1667.3s	1667.3	 Think about it. Humans, humans used to go out and just eat whatever was lying around what nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1671.2s	1671.2	 gave us. Then we started making rows in the ground and putting seeds in the ground and putting water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1676.4s	1676.4	 on the ground. We engineered the earth to make it started to breed. And then we did plant breeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1680.7s	1680.7	 and traditional plant breeding through normal, normal, normal, normal, save the world that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1685.5s	1685.5	 genetically modifying things. It is and then what we did with GMOs, which is the distinction,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1689.8s	1689.8	 just to be really clear about the definitional distinction between GMO and traditional plant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1693.4s	1693.4	 breeding. GMO is when you take DNA from another organism, and you put it in the plants DNA to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1699.0s	1699.0	 that plant to do something very specific. And Jason, you came with me to Monsanto. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1702.6s	1702.6	 you should be cautious. We should be cautious about anytime we're doing stuff like that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1707.7s	1707.7	 Right. But then there's generally like a very visceral reaction when I make that statement,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1712.0s	1712.0	 and people are like, wait, you're taking the DNA from bacteria and putting it in plants. And how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1715.9s	1715.9	 do I know that's going to work? And so there's these layers of concern, which are deeply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1720.5s	1720.5	 psychological layers, but we can scientifically resolve this over time. But look, at the end of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1725.4s	1725.4	 the day, humans today, you guys remember last year, how much I was talking about that start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1730.0s	1730.0	 synthesis paper and how important it was. We don't need to grow plants to make the stuff we need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1735.5s	1735.5	 consume. If every city around the world had a starch synthesizer and it took CO2 from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1740.6s	1740.6	 atmosphere and water from the ocean and had this technique developed out, it could synthesize its
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1746.0s	1746.0	 own calories in a physical device without needing to rely on the ammonia supply chain and the phosphate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1752.1s	1752.1	 supply chain and all of the systems that we rely on that are super outdated, that are all a scaled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1757.6s	1757.6	 up industrialized version of old school agrarian techniques. Humans today, I think, have the ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1763.0s	1763.0	 to synthesize and print food. And over the next couple of decades, particularly catalyzed by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1767.4s	1767.4	 what's going on in Russia, Ukraine today, we're going to see these technologies accelerate. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1771.6s	1771.6	 obviously where I spend a lot of my time, but I'm super excited about it. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1774.4s	1774.4	 I think we suffer from a very insidious kind of plague in the world, which is the plague of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1780.6s	1780.6	 overeducated dumb people. And it's almost as if, you know, because of their degree and the school,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1787.4s	1787.4	 you give them inordinate power to make value judgments that really put the world in a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1792.6s	1792.6	 difficult position. And so when you have something like a war in Ukraine, it just lays everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1797.8s	1797.8	 bare. And you find all these things like, you know, another version of this example, how did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1803.9s	1803.9	 an entire continent, and specifically, I mean, Europe, abdicate their entire energy security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1810.6s	1810.6	 to a group of environmentalists and to, you know, to a 16 year old girl without even thinking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1817.7s	1817.7	 what the right answer was for themselves from first principles. That's really crazy that that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1822.2s	1822.2	 happened. And you need a war, you know, where 10s of 1000s of people have to die to realize that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1827.0s	1827.0	 that was a really bad set of decisions that have been compounding for decades. Here's another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1831.3s	1831.3	 example where food security is yet another one where, you know, we weren't able to think cleanly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1835.8s	1835.8	 from first principles. And so depending on who had more money, or who was able to create more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1840.4s	1840.4	 psychological guilt or fear was able to get an outcome that fundamentally puts the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1847.0s	1847.0	 at 100 million person plus famine. So somehow we need to rethink how our institutions work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1852.4s	1852.4	 because we are giving folks who haven't proved that they can handle power, the ability to influence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1860.5s	1860.5	 outcomes for the wrong sets of reasons. What's even worse from obvious people you talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1866.1s	1866.1	 who are smart, dumb people, they're so privileged that they're living in some bubble making decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1871.6s	1871.6	 for people who have food insecurity, or energy insecurity. And it's only when COVID showed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1877.0s	1877.0	 hey, oh, semiconductors, I can't get my car that I want, because it doesn't have the chip in it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1882.0s	1882.0	 or I can't get drugs, or I can't get PP, then all of a sudden, they see the value and redundancy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1887.4s	1887.4	 and supply chain. But when they were living high on the hog and had nothing to worry about in 20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1892.6s	1892.6	 different flavors of Captain Crunch, you know, they can't even think about people in Africa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1897.3s	1897.3	 Jake, I think it's really important to speak to the capitalist incentive and how you get there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1901.7s	1901.7	 We've globalized supply chains, because as a business, it doesn't make sense for me to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1907.4s	1907.4	 every step of the thing that I want to do, because you can get better utilization out of CapEx,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1912.4s	1912.4	 if a system is running all the time to make stuff. So if one step of the system doesn't need the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1916.9s	1916.9	 other system running 24 seven, it's going to outsource that. And that's kind of think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1921.4s	1921.4	 like semiconductors, think about food manufacturing, right? It doesn't make sense for a farmer today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1925.9s	1925.9	 to make his own ammonia. So there's an ammonia plant that centrally makes that stuff 24 seven,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1930.7s	1930.7	 distributes it out to a bunch of farmers, that brings the cost down per unit of production.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1934.6s	1934.6	 And so these systems have existed because we've had less capital with a higher ROI on capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1940.2s	1940.2	 invested at every point in the system, by distributing and having a kind of centralized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1946.1s	1946.1	 supply chain system like this. Now, what we're looking at today is what happens when one part
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1952.1s	1952.1	 of that system fails. And now I think the big trend for the next decade or two, everyone's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1958.2s	1958.2	 to have like a institutional memory of this. And you're going to see companies that are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1962.2s	1962.2	 start to vertically integrate supply chains, they're going to vertically integrate their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1966.3s	1966.3	 manufacturing, we're going to see a lot of businesses make what traditionally would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1970.2s	1970.2	 been really quote unquote, bad CapEx decisions and bad investment decisions. And they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1974.6s	1974.6	 to say, you know what, we need to have redundancy because we cannot face the cataclysmic kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1978.9s	1978.9	 circumstance that we faced in the past. I also think those are by the way, the easy decisions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1983.0s	1983.0	 I also think that there are some more complicated ones of morality that we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1988.3s	1988.3	 may have also misappropriated. I'll give you one example. So if you think about energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1992.7s	1992.7	 independence of America, I think there's not going to be many who think that it's not critically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=1998.3s	1998.3	 important. Well, then you go and say, we have a short term bridge with hydrocarbons, and the long
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2004.2s	2004.2	 term solution is renewables. But underneath renewables is the idea that you have to store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2009.8s	2009.8	 these things, right, you have to store the energy you make, whether it's from wind or solar, even if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2013.5s	2013.5	 it's from nuclear, okay. And all of that results in us needing batteries, while batteries need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2018.6s	2018.6	 lithium, there's enormous lithium deposits in the United States that today can never get access
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2025.3s	2025.3	 because we've decided that the you know, the upper land grouse of a state is more important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2031.4s	2031.4	 than America's energy independence, right. So when push comes to shove, a small rat like creature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2037.0s	2037.0	 is prioritized more importantly than America's energy independence. The downstream implications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2041.3s	2041.3	 of that are now obvious, rising costs, inflation, unemployment, potential recession, war, death,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2047.0s	2047.0	 famine. Is the upper land grouse that fundamentally more important than all of these systemic risks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2053.7s	2053.7	 to humankind? And the thing is, for a long time, we would never even think about the trade offs to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2059.8s	2059.8	 actually think about why that decision should be made that way. And now we actually have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2064.3s	2064.3	 ability to remake these decisions. So it's going to be really interesting to see whether we upend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2069.4s	2069.4	 all of these existing frameworks, you know, and there's enormous environmental lobbies that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2074.7s	2074.7	 been created that have crazed hundreds of millions, billions of dollars to fight these battles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2080.1s	2080.1	 systematically wherever they come up. And in some ways, now what people will say, well, you've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2085.0s	2085.0	 really prevented progress, and you've actually done more damage, that's going to be a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2089.8s	2089.8	 interesting point in our evolution. Good intent, save the environment, and then there are downstream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2095.5s	2095.5	 impacts. Let's go to Sachs about the sanctions. We saw a level of sanctions we didn't expect.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2103.4s	2103.4	 They were ferocious, they were unilateral, they they they're, you know, undeniably having an impact.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2110.3s	2110.3	 Do you think Putin would be at the table? Do you think these sanctions are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2113.8s	2113.8	 really having a dramatic impact? And do you think that there'll be a tool that we should use in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2117.0s	2117.0	 future? Or do you think maybe we need to be more thoughtful about them? In other words,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2121.8s	2121.8	 cancel culture comes up as a an analogy here, people are saying, oh, it's like cancel culture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2126.5s	2126.5	 for a country. I think it's pretty great that a country that is murdering their neighbors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2132.3s	2132.3	 doesn't get to participate. But obviously, you can have some serious concerns if fertilizer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2137.5s	2137.5	 you can have some serious concerns if fertilizer and supply chain issues, as we just discussed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2142.9s	2142.9	 are going to cause famine. So what's the balance here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2146.1s	2146.1	 Pete Slauson Yeah, I think it's a great another great example of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2151.0s	2151.0	 you know, we're not thinking through the second and third order consequences of what we're doing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2155.8s	2155.8	 we're just reacting. And so to to Friedberg's point, so, you know, first of all, we have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2161.4s	2161.4	 realize this was more than just sanctions. This was a complete severing of economic ties. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2166.6s	2166.6	 basically, every western country pulled up stakes out of Russia. They did it on their own too. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2173.0s	2173.0	 mean, they did it because for the reasons you said, because they wanted to make a statement that what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2177.5s	2177.5	 Putin did was wrong. So every Russian who is working for one of these companies basically got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2182.4s	2182.4	 fired and all the stores closed and so on. So I think it is the repercussions of it are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2187.8s	2187.8	 be severe. However, these things, the economics of it take time to play out. And so do I think it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2194.5s	2194.5	 creates pressure on Putin to make a deal? Yes. But, you know, if the if this is going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2201.0s	2201.0	 determined on the battlefield one way or another in the next month, do I think it has time to operate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2206.2s	2206.2	 in that timeframe? Probably not. And I think what's likely to happen here is that in the same way that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2215.8s	2215.8	 the real repercussions of this war are going to be felt in grain production in six months, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2221.7s	2221.7	 there is an economic tsunami headed for our own economy as a result of the blowback from basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2229.8s	2229.8	 severing, you know, 144 million Russians from the global economy. There's also going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2235.6s	2235.6	 geopolitical blowback. I mean, you know, I think it's very likely that the way this is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2242.6s	2242.6	 play out geopolitically is that Russia will become a Chinese client. And, you know, all of those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2247.9s	2247.9	 natural resources that China produces, the gas, you know, all the mineral wealth, that those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2255.8s	2255.8	 resources are going to flow on a conveyor belt on a belt and road conveyor belt from Moscow to Beijing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2261.8s	2261.8	 and they're going to fuel the Chinese economy. Yeah, yes, no, because the reality is the thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2268.1s	2268.1	 we have to remember is China is still a fundamentally export driven economy, of which 35%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2274.0s	2274.0	 just alone goes to the United States. When you add in Europe and other OECD countries, it's almost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2279.4s	2279.4	 60%. So I think the idea that all of a sudden, Russia will be able to backdoor all of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2285.4s	2285.4	 things through China into the rest of the world, I think is not really realistic. And this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2290.0s	2290.0	 actually why I think the rhetoric is so high. Because those two countries specifically are put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2295.0s	2295.0	 in a very difficult situation. Like, what do you think the China calculus on Taiwan is looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2298.7s	2298.7	 what's happening to Russia? Has it completely export driven economy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2301.4s	2301.4	 What do you think it is?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2302.4s	2302.4	 It's completely off the table, completely off the table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2305.1s	2305.1	 They would never consider invading Taiwan knowing that it would put Apple in a position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2310.4s	2310.4	 or other companies that are entwined in the Chinese economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2313.4s	2313.4	 I think what's happened-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2314.6s	2314.6	 Again, I've said this before, everybody was always, you know, sort of like land-based economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2320.2s	2320.2	 sanctions, you know, even on this pod, people are like, it's never going to work, it doesn't do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2323.8s	2323.8	 anything. And it turns out it's just not true. To be clear, I think sanctions are an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2328.3s	2328.3	 appropriate way to create economic pressure so that we can get a ceasefire and a peace deal made.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2333.8s	2333.8	 Okay, so I do believe in the same way that I believe we should arm the Ukrainians so they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2339.0s	2339.0	 can defend themselves while I'm against a no-fly zone. The issue is just, are we actually using the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2345.2s	2345.2	 leverage that we're creating to drive this process to a success, I'm talking the ceasefire process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2352.3s	2352.3	 to a successful resolution? Because if we just make this the new normal, which is, you know, a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2359.8s	2359.8	 basically an insurrection in Ukraine that drags on forever and Russia cut off from the global economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2367.0s	2367.0	 and becomes a client of China, I think there's a parade of horribles that flow from that. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2372.1s	2372.1	 Freeberg just outlined one of them, which is hundreds of millions of people across the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2375.8s	2375.8	 potentially starving. So my point about sanctions is not that we shouldn't have done them, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2382.6s	2382.6	 there are going to be big repercussions for our economy if we don't resolve the situation in Ukraine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2389.4s	2389.4	 Let's do best case, worst case with this new economic order here and economic sanction ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2394.4s	2394.4	 that the West has now demonstrated quite effectively. For me, the best case scenario here is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2402.5s	2402.5	 if you want to participate in the global economy and globalization 2.0 means you're going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2409.4s	2409.4	 to be hit some base behavior level of being a good actor in the world if you want to participate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2416.3s	2416.3	 in the wider economy. Therefore, as Chamath just pointed out, I think quite correctly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2421.8s	2421.8	 Taiwan's off the table. I mean, China does already is having massive economic downturn and headwinds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2429.4s	2429.4	 The idea that they would face what Russia is facing right now in terms of sanctions globally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2433.4s	2433.4	 would be cataclysmic for them. So do we think what's the what's the best case in your mind,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2439.1s	2439.1	 Friedberg, the worst case of this new economic sanctions that we've just outlined?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2443.5s	2443.5	 Best case, worst case. Much of this is driven by Russian decision making, not just our decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2451.4s	2451.4	 making. And so, you know, there's a lot of question marks around what they're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2455.8s	2455.8	 they've said definitively, we are banning all fertilizer exports through 2022.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2462.9s	2462.9	 Okay, so like, does changing a sanction model at this point, get enough resolve for them to kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2469.0s	2469.0	 of come back to the table? Do we need to kind of weave that into some discussion piece discussion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2475.8s	2475.8	 that they're having with Ukraine, I think there's going to need to be this multilateral, like global
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2480.8s	2480.8	 either support or partnership model, that's going to have to kind of emerge for this to all get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2486.1s	2486.1	 resolved positively. I don't think that it's just about Russia and Ukraine agreeing to a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2490.1s	2490.1	 terms, we're all going to be affected by what's going on and what Russia has chosen to do back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2495.5s	2495.5	 to us. And we all think we're in the power and we've blocked them and destroyed the ruble and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2500.4s	2500.4	 you know, knock them back to the stone age, yada, yada, but like, we're hurting ourselves far more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2505.1s	2505.1	 than we realize. And we have to go get something back from Russia in order to resolve this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2509.4s	2509.4	 So nuanced.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2510.6s	2510.6	 I'm not sure I totally agree with that. I actually think that, you know, necessity, what is it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2515.0s	2515.0	 The necessity is the mother of invention. I think that this has the ability to circling back to what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2521.8s	2521.8	 we said before, for us to rewrite all of these other decisions that were frankly, not necessarily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2528.3s	2528.3	 rooted in either first principles or long strategic thought, in a way that can actually improve the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2533.4s	2533.4	 state of play for everybody, not just including us for the next 50 or 100 years. So I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2538.8s	2538.8	 completely convinced that it's as catastrophically bad as you think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2542.2s	2542.2	 Well, what about this, Friedberg, if we were thinking about food stability, you mentioned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2547.3s	2547.3	 your slurry and, you know, being able to make these calories without actually planting any food.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2553.1s	2553.1	 If we go anywhere, if you call it a slurry, but yeah, okay, let's call it a protein bar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2560.3s	2560.3	 Like ultimately, Jason, we can actually create pasta, bread, rice. I mean, that's where this all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2565.8s	2565.8	 goes. By the way, just so you guys know, I want to frame this up. It's super important. 60% of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2570.8s	2570.8	 world's calories come from carbohydrates, which are basically two molecules, amylose and amylopectin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2577.4s	2577.4	 That's what makes up starch. So if we can synthesize amylose and amylopectin, we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2581.1s	2581.1	 make it into any plant. How long would it take? How long would it take? What would it cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2585.0s	2585.0	 to build your pasta making machine and rice making machine, you know, to have more food?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2592.2s	2592.2	 Decades long scale up problems, right? This is not like, this is like, hey, we got a Apollo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2596.4s	2596.4	 movement. It's similar to nuclear or solar and batteries. Yeah, yeah. Got it. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2600.5s	2600.5	 But there are solutions to this. Look, I mean, this is why I keep coming back to saying like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2604.8s	2604.8	 we're evolving the global economy and planet earth away from this model of centralized industrial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2612.1s	2612.1	 manufacturing into a production system that looks more distributed, more decentralized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2616.9s	2616.9	 with better technology. And that's really a big trend for this century for our global economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2622.3s	2622.3	 That's why right now I think the near term trend is in de globalization, people making less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2626.7s	2626.7	 capital efficient decisions that create redundancy in supply chains. And there's a lot of ways as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2631.1s	2631.1	 investors to play that by the way. Sax, what are your thoughts on maybe the high order bit for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2637.5s	2637.5	 the West being a race to resiliency or a race to redundancy in energy in semiconductors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2643.6s	2643.6	 this race to resiliency in food supply? Yeah, I mean, look, trade creates economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2648.3s	2648.3	 wealth, but it also creates dependency. And we're realizing the downsides of having that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2652.2s	2652.2	 dependency. If we're dependent, or Europe is dependent on Russian cast, or you saw during
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2657.7s	2657.7	 COVID, we've become dependent on Chinese pharmaceuticals, all the pharma companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2662.5s	2662.5	 have moved their manufacturing over there. And then that got, when China was rattling the saber,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2668.4s	2668.4	 because we were blaming them for COVID, this is back in 2020, they all of a sudden started implying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2673.3s	2673.3	 we might not get access to pharmaceuticals. So look, we are going to have to rethink all those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2677.1s	2677.1	 trade relationships. You can't have trade without trust. Because, again, if you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2683.4s	2683.4	 empowering the producer to cut you off when you make yourself dependent on that. So look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2688.6s	2688.6	 I think we're gonna have to rethink all of that. But can I go back to your best case worst case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2692.3s	2692.3	 question? Yes, I was trying to get somebody in there on that. I think that's a good question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2695.8s	2695.8	 And, you know, let me lay out the best case and then the worst case. So the best case, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2700.2s	2700.2	 the best case is the sort of the Fukuyama argument, the sort of the from argument is this Western
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2706.8s	2706.8	 triumphalism, which is like sanctions are going to drive the Russians into submission,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2712.1s	2712.1	 they're going to topple Putin, the people are going to rise up, they're going to lose this war,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2716.5s	2716.5	 we are going to strike a great blow against autocracy, and liberal democracy is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2721.3s	2721.3	 win. Okay, I understand that argument. Okay, now, what's the worst case scenario? Worst case scenario
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2727.7s	2727.7	 is, Freberg's right, we ended with hundreds of millions of people starving, the war drags on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2733.0s	2733.0	 because Russians are going to give up. So the sanctions, you know, while hurting the Russians,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2740.3s	2740.3	 don't end the war and in fact, drive them into the arms of the Chinese. You know, the rush has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2744.4s	2744.4	 called a big gas station with nukes, that gas station will now fill up the Chinese economy hence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2749.4s	2749.4	 forth, worsening the balance of power in Cold War Two. And then there's a big, you know, tsunami or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2756.0s	2756.0	 boomerang headed for the US economy. We have a recession later this year as gas prices go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2761.6s	2761.6	 to $7 and $10 a gallon. And so it ends up hurting us. And so I don't, I certainly see the case for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2771.1s	2771.1	 sanctions. But I wonder if people are really thinking through the downside scenarios. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2778.3s	2778.3	 what I do think is that if that the removal of sanctions should be certainly something we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2784.4s	2784.4	 affirmatively putting on the table in these ceasefire negotiations. And that sounds obvious,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2789.3s	2789.3	 but I saw a tweet from Ian Bremmer, who's sort of part of the foreign policy established guy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2794.6s	2794.6	 think tank guy who has been pretty good on smart. He's smart. And he's been good on no fly zone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2799.6s	2799.6	 He's been saying the same things I've been saying, like, guys, this is tantamount to a declaration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2803.3s	2803.3	 of war. We're not going there. Also basically saying that, listen, no matter what the Russians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2808.0s	2808.0	 do, we are not going to get into war three here. He's been cool headed about that. But he also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2812.6s	2812.6	 tweeted that, listen, as long as Putin's in control of Russia, we can't ever do business with them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2818.7s	2818.7	 again, sanctions are sticking around basically forever. And I just wonder if that is an over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2825.6s	2825.6	 reaction. If we're going to make that policy, I'd rather see us as America be willing to put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2832.0s	2832.0	 economic relations back on the table. As you know, in this peace process, as opposed to saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2838.3s	2838.3	 the Russians are cut off forever, because otherwise, they're just going to become a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2842.4s	2842.4	 Chinese client state. I don't see how that benefits us long term.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2846.1s	2846.1	 Well, again, I did. But again, David, what do you think they do with China? China, what are they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2850.2s	2850.2	 going to do? Take 60% of their goods and still export them to us, even though it just contains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2855.4s	2855.4	 Russian materials that are now considered contraband? So they can't absorb it economically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2861.0s	2861.0	 is my point. There's not enough demand outside these OECD countries to absorb all of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2865.7s	2865.7	 Well, here's what I think. It's just mathematically not possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2870.7s	2870.7	 I think so. Look, I think you make a point. But I think if you're going to look at this from like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2874.8s	2874.8	 50,000 foot level, I think there's like two grand narratives about what is happening in the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2879.4s	2879.4	 One narrative, sort of the neocon sort of liberal hegemony narrative is that we're in a great battle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2885.8s	2885.8	 between democracy and autocracy. The other narrative is that we're in Cold War II, is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2891.3s	2891.3	 it's more of a great power rivalry between the US and China. I tend to think that the latter is where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2896.9s	2896.9	 we're really at in the world. And the reason why I say that is you look at there's a lot of autocracies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2901.9s	2901.9	 who frankly, we support because we want them on our side. For example, Turkey is run by an autocrat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2910.8s	2910.8	 Erdogan is becoming more autocratic. In Egypt, we had sort of democracy there for a brief moment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2919.0s	2919.0	 When Mubarak got overthrown, guess what? They elected the Muslim Brotherhood. And we didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2924.8s	2924.8	 like that too much. And now we got General Al-Sisi in charge. We like that a lot better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2929.7s	2929.7	 You know, we are still allies with the Saudis and they're a more autocratic government. And so,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2935.6s	2935.6	 I tend to think that the better way to describe what's happening in the world is a balance of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2941.8s	2941.8	 power rivalry between the US and China, which is only going to pick up momentum in the coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2947.8s	2947.8	 decades. And we have to think about who's on our side of the ledger and who's on their side of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2952.5s	2952.5	 ledger. And, you know, I think at this point, it's we've pretty much driven Russia completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2960.2s	2960.2	 onto the Chinese side of the ledger. And I think that's going to have like very bad consequences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2965.1s	2965.1	 for us. All right. Let's segue from here into the economy, inflation and markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2972.8s	2972.8	 In a previous episode, Jamathe, you talked about the psychological cycle of, you know, ignoring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2979.9s	2979.9	 good news, then accepting it, being outraged by it, and then maybe not taking the good news.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2985.8s	2985.8	 In the bad news column, obviously, inflation continues. Last six months of CPI numbers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2992.2s	2992.2	 year over year, obviously. September 5.4, I'll fast forward to November 6.8, January 7.5,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=2998.7s	2998.7	 February 7.9. Excluding food and energy, core inflation still rose 6.4%. That being said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3006.6s	3006.6	 we have 11.x million jobs available for Americans, five or six million people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3013.2s	3013.2	 unemployed who are looking for work. Obviously, there will be some mismatch in terms of geography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3018.0s	3018.0	 and skills there. And then corporate earnings, great, but a recession possibly looming. Where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3024.2s	3024.2	 are you on this? And obviously, the markets bottomed out. So where are you at with the economy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3029.9s	3029.9	 hope, fear and otherwise? Well, I think that we're in the midst of what I would call a meltup.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3038.2s	3038.2	 So, you know, probably the next month, month and a half, there really isn't much quote unquote,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3046.3s	3046.3	 bad news that hasn't been priced in. The thing that I've learned over the last few years is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3053.1s	3053.1	 markets don't actually care what the news is. They can process good news and bad news
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3059.9s	3059.9	 equally well. What they despise is the uncertainty of what the news could be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3066.1s	3066.1	 And so this week was really important because we had two huge buckets of uncertainty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3073.8s	3073.8	 taken out of the market. So the one we've already talked about, which is when the market saw that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3079.0s	3079.0	 there was a surface area of a deal between Ukraine and Russia that was really constructive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3084.7s	3084.7	 because neither side would have signaled something if both parties were very far apart. So that meant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3090.5s	3090.5	 to the markets were a few weeks out from something getting done. And then the second thing was Jerome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3095.8s	3095.8	 Powell and the Federal Reserve. They finally had their meeting, they raised rates 25 basis points,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3101.8s	3101.8	 but even more importantly, they gave you a very prescriptive forecast of what the next year will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3108.3s	3108.3	 look like at a minimum and possibly even two years. And once you could have that, you were able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3115.3s	3115.3	 then go and redo all of your expectations. And what people realized was, okay, inflation may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3123.0s	3123.0	 actually start to get tamed in the back half of the year, the economy is still quite strong,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3128.5s	3128.5	 and we could actually support two, two and a half percent interest rates and still actually grow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3133.4s	3133.4	 really well. And so what you've seen in the last three or four days is a reaction to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3138.5s	3138.5	 the loss of uncertainty. And so there really isn't now the only thing to find the ointment could be if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3148.6s	3148.6	 the war all of a sudden escalates, not that it gets dragged on, because at that point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3152.4s	3152.4	 that's also I think been priced in. But if something very meaningfully different and some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3157.4s	3157.4	 and Russia in this case, ratchets up the intensity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3162.2s	3162.2	 by going, you know, nuclear or something else, although I think that's a very long tail chemical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3166.3s	3166.3	 weapons seems a possibility or corporate bombing. I think these are all very, very low probability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3170.8s	3170.8	 events. But in the absence of these things, you basically have really constructive dynamics right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3177.0s	3177.0	 now for at least the next month and a half, maybe even two months. How much of this has to do with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3182.6s	3182.6	 retail investors who were Yolo, hodlers, speculators, stimmy checks, getting super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3189.7s	3189.7	 active for two years, and then maybe getting super spooked right now and maybe needing the money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3193.5s	3193.5	 to deploy in their lives? Look, the thing to remember, and I hate to be this blunt, but it's true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3201.1s	3201.1	 Retail is not a very good signal of anything. In fact, if you actually look at retail flows,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3210.6s	3210.6	 typically you will make money by doing the exact opposite of what retail does. And I posted this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3215.2s	3215.2	 in the group chat to you guys, you know, every single day of since the beginning of this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3221.4s	3221.4	 retail was a net buyer. In all of those days, the market got punched in the face. Finally,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3227.4s	3227.4	 at the beginning of March, retail capitulated, right? And I posted that same day and I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3233.4s	3233.4	 guys, this is the moment to buy. And it lo and behold, what happened the markets rallied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3238.2s	3238.2	 meaningfully from that point. And the reason is because they were going into the end of Q1,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3243.7s	3243.7	 you have a huge tax bill due on April 15th, people were starting to just finally give up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3248.8s	3248.8	 they were buying every single day and they finally gave up. But that capitulation was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3252.9s	3252.9	 the moment that you buy. So if anything, retail is the, you know, I've said before, you fade your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3258.8s	3258.8	 fade list. You know, retail flows are something you typically will make money by fading, by doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3264.3s	3264.3	 the exact opposite of whatever retail is doing. And you just need to have access to that information.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3269.4s	3269.4	 If you have access to it, you can kind of, you know, profit from it. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3275.0s	3275.0	 where are we going from here? Probably up David, you've been pessimistic. We're seeing a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3279.9s	3279.9	 changes in the private market. Funding rounds taking longer, a lot of funds getting closed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3285.8s	3285.8	 venture funds, that is, but seems like a lot more diligence is being done. The time meantime to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3291.3s	3291.3	 closing a deal has definitely extended massively. What's your betting strategy now as a venture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3297.2s	3297.2	 capitalist? I think that there's going to be a trickle down effect of what's happened in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3301.1s	3301.1	 market to privates. And the valuations are going to go back to their pre-COVID levels. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3307.0s	3307.0	 ARR multiples pre-COVID were like 20, not 100. So we're seeing a massive repricing of deals,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3314.2s	3314.2	 and that's going to continue. And I don't think it's going to be this like transient effect,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3318.2s	3318.2	 everything's going to bounce back in a few weeks. On the public markets, the defining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3323.0s	3323.0	 characteristic of these markets is volatility. I mean, the VIX, which is the measure of volatility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3327.0s	3327.0	 is at one of its all time highs. And so it's true that over the past week, we saw a nice sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3333.6s	3333.6	 melt up or rally because there was speculation about this peace deal. The financial times had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3341.0s	3341.0	 that article on the 15 point plan. Chamath is right that if that peace deal gets signed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3347.4s	3347.4	 I think the market rally strongly because it went up considerably just on hopes that it might be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3354.6s	3354.6	 signed. But on the other hand, if this peace process falls apart, I think the market will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3359.5s	3359.5	 give back all those gains and then some. I think we are nowhere near out of the woods on all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3365.5s	3365.5	 risky scenarios that could develop from this war. I think that if there is no peace deal, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3371.3s	3371.3	 you can almost expect Russia to escalate in the war. They have said this is an existential issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3377.9s	3377.9	 for them. I think that would mean at a minimum, heavy bombing of Ukrainian cities, and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3384.8s	3384.8	 they'll step up the pressure even more on Biden and Washington to get militarily involved. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3390.2s	3390.2	 situation could still spin out of control. So I think in the absence of peace deal, and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3395.0s	3395.0	 finally, we have all the risks of recession, we definitely are seeing a slowdown in the economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3399.6s	3399.6	 right now. I think if this war continues and we don't get the spring planning and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3405.4s	3405.4	 things keep deteriorating, I think we're headed for a very serious recession in this country.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3410.2s	3410.2	 I think we'll go from slowdown to recession. So if I were advising Biden, of course, no one's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3415.1s	3415.1	 listening to me, but if I were advising Biden, I would be telling Biden, listen, Mr. President,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3421.1s	3421.1	 we are going to have a horrible midterms in November and we are going to have a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3425.0s	3425.0	 hard time in 2024 if this war continues and we head down into recession or any of the other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3431.6s	3431.6	 catastrophes that could happen. We need to push for a peace deal right now. The US should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3437.4s	3437.4	 playing a constructive role and we should be applying pressure wherever we can to make a deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3443.1s	3443.1	 because the broad contours of this deal to Tomas's point have been set. I don't think any of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3449.4s	3449.4	 details, now that we know, look, it's about Crimea, it's about Donbass, it's about neutrality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3454.1s	3454.1	 None of the details that we're still fighting over are more important than getting a peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3458.6s	3458.6	 right now. And if I were in the White House, I'd be singly pushing for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3463.4s	3463.4	 Yeah, it's complicated. The counter to that, obviously, is this could be the beginning of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3471.4s	3471.4	 the end for Putin and even if that's a 10% chance or 20% chance, the possibility that in our lifetime,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3478.3s	3478.3	 Russia could have a leadership change could be tremendous. Obviously, it's a coin toss,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3482.7s	3482.7	 which way it goes, but change could be phenomenal. So look, that's certainly in the cards. And look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3489.5s	3489.5	 if somehow magically Putin got toppled and replaced with a Democrat, that would be a wonderful thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3495.4s	3495.4	 However- It's happened before. It's rare, but it happens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3498.4s	3498.4	 Well, tell me, when does it happen? East Germany, right? Which way down the wall?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3504.6s	3504.6	 Yeah, I mean, that was a reunification. Here's the basic problem is we understand in the Russian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3510.7s	3510.7	 system, you've got all these oligarchs are basically like bosses or mob bosses. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3515.4s	3515.4	 Putin's like the boss of bosses, right? So what are the odds if you take out the boss of bosses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3520.0s	3520.0	 that he's replaced with someone who's a Democrat versus the next biggest baddest boss? I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3526.6s	3526.6	 you know, look, that's certainly a possibility, but my concern is that when you play for maximalist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3531.8s	3531.8	 upside like that, you're also taking maximalist downside. And a lot of people have made this point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3536.7s	3536.7	 that look, if Putin's life is on the line, he's going to be more willing to do anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3541.5s	3541.5	 And I think the better approach and you've heard people mention this idea of the golden bridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3546.9s	3546.9	 from Sun Tzu, which is give your enemy a golden bridge to retreat-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3550.8s	3550.8	 I mentioned it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3551.4s	3551.4	 So that he's not fighting for his life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3554.2s	3554.2	 That was a really clever framework, J.K.L., I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3561.0s	3561.0	 If you guys went and created a tally, and I'm not trying to be Debbie down here, but,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3564.6s	3564.6	 you know, since the advent of the CIA, the number of times that we have tried to incite regime change,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3570.7s	3570.7	 and then the number of times it's been successful, what is that percentage?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3574.1s	3574.1	 I mean, we don't know because we don't know how many times we've tried.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3577.0s	3577.0	 Well, we know we know many attempts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3579.0s	3579.0	 Yeah, I mean, we've changed a lot of two outers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3581.8s	3581.8	 Every time we try it, we either get the same or worse. So for example, Syria, we tried to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3585.8s	3585.8	 get rid of Assad, he's still there. And now it's worse. Afghanistan, we tried it, the Taliban are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3591.0s	3591.0	 back in power. Well, no, but-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3592.1s	3592.1	 Hold on, we finished.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3593.0s	3593.0	 Take it to the calculation is what if it does change?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3595.7s	3595.7	 Hold on, Iraq, we got rid of Saddam. And now we've handed that country to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3600.4s	3600.4	 Iran on a silver platter, the Ayatollahs control it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3604.2s	3604.2	 Gaddafi in Libya, we got rid of him because he was so horrible. And now that country is in chaos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3609.7s	3609.7	 You've got open air slave markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3612.0s	3612.0	 We tried in Ukraine. We tried in Ukraine in 2014. So our track record is not super good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3619.8s	3619.8	 Yeah, no, I mean, I think regime change is like chasing someone out or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3626.8s	3626.8	 For a company at some point, we would have been pipped for our ability to do regime change.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3631.8s	3631.8	 I don't think it's a great strategy. I'm not necessarily advocating for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3635.7s	3635.7	 But I'm not saying that I'm saying whether or not it's a good strategy. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3639.0s	3639.0	 we are particularly not good at it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3641.0s	3641.0	 Yeah, we need a performance improvement plan on that front.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3643.4s	3643.4	 Well, we should just I think we should just stop trying that we shouldn't be going for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3646.6s	3646.6	 a regime change. We should be-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3647.6s	3647.6	 This is a good question. You and I had this thing where I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3650.0s	3650.0	 you and I are in sync that we both want to contain dictators,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3653.4s	3653.4	 and maybe isolation and you're like, I'm not in isolation. So I think a definition of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3657.8s	3657.8	 what is the strategy for containment going forward post a peace deal with Russia?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3663.7s	3663.7	 And isolationism, you know, I guess is a bit of a trigger word is loaded, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3667.8s	3667.8	 Well, yeah, I'm not an isolationist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3669.4s	3669.4	 next person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3670.2s	3670.2	 I would describe my strategy as selective engagement, meaning that we still engage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3675.0s	3675.0	 internationally on behalf of vital American interests and our core interests, but we don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3679.3s	3679.3	 stick our fingers in the pie of the internal affairs of all these countries all over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3683.5s	3683.5	 world to try and foment regime change. So for example, like what's an example of a vital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3688.2s	3688.2	 American interest, I would say, standing up to China in the sense that we do not want them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3694.2s	3694.2	 dominating Asia and becoming a peer competitor to the United States that can then challenge us all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3698.9s	3698.9	 over the world. So some more pragmatist on it, and I would be more proud. We can be isolationist with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3703.4s	3703.4	 North Korea because there's literally nothing they can do for us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3706.5s	3706.5	 And look, I would not be throwing countries like Turkey and Egypt and Saudi Arabia out of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3712.3s	3712.3	 coalition in Cold War Two, because we don't like the nature of their governments. And I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3718.3s	3718.3	 saying I support autocracy. I don't know, but the reality is dialogue is reasonable because if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3724.6s	3724.6	 don't, then the other side will.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3726.6s	3726.6	 The foreign policy playbook is going to get fundamentally rewritten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3731.4s	3731.4	 after this Russia-Ukraine war, in large part because of the effectiveness of government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3738.6s	3738.6	 sanctions plus corporate social responsibility, whatever you want to call that. CSR function.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3744.4s	3744.4	 Public sentiment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3745.6s	3745.6	 Woke is in whatever you want to call it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3747.8s	3747.8	 Yes, I agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3748.9s	3748.9	 But the combination of these two things has proved to be incredibly effective at setting the stage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3755.0s	3755.0	 for some sort of compromise or regime change. The spectrum of outcomes is there. But the point is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3761.1s	3761.1	 that's an incredibly unique set of circumstances where before we never would have thought an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3765.4s	3765.4	 economy that large or a country that important on the world stage would ever have compromised in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3772.2s	3772.2	 absence of military intervention. And I think that that's important to think about as we think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3776.5s	3776.5	 what our forward-going China policy looks like. I think really the importance of the OECD,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3784.5s	3784.5	 the importance of all these organized nations that consume from China becoming more organized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3790.6s	3790.6	 now probably makes more sense. I said this before in a tweet, but the importance of the US dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3795.3s	3795.3	 has become completely primary, which has been an incredible benefit of what has happened because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3801.6s	3801.6	 of this war. Very small silver linings in the grand scheme of all of this humanitarian crisis.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3807.0s	3807.0	 But those are going to be really important things that the United States can seize on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3811.6s	3811.6	 We may in some ways have had some diminished power in order to facilitate peace in this conflict.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3818.6s	3818.6	 But the downstream capital that we could accumulate by organizing these countries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3822.6s	3822.6	 more effectively, I think could be really important. And then separately, we have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3826.6s	3826.6	 have a moral conversation in the United States about all these things like environmental laws,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3832.6s	3832.6	 like our approach to agriculture that may have been underwritten with faulty logic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3837.8s	3837.8	 A little more pragmatism would go a long way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3840.0s	3840.0	 Yes, it would. I'm a little more pessimistic about our foreign policy establishment. And part of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3844.5s	3844.5	 reason I say this is because I'm very disappointed in the Republicans. The Republicans used to be the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3849.0s	3849.0	 party of vital national interests, meaning America did not get involved all over the world unless we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3855.1s	3855.1	 had a vital national interest. You just never hear them making that case anymore. It's all the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3859.0s	3859.0	 back to sort of Bush doctrine. And as an example, they're all pushing for the no-fly zone. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3864.9s	3864.9	 all pushing for the delivery of the Migs despite- They want war. Just say the words.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3871.0s	3871.0	 They're weird. I mean, those right-wingers are crazy. Why are they so- They want war.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3875.4s	3875.4	 I've been very critical. I mean, I've been- Why do they want to go to the war on this? I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3878.0s	3878.0	 understand their endgame. Well, I think there's two possibilities. Is it just machoism? Machoism?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3882.5s	3882.5	 Anxiety. I think there's two possibilities. Is it Freebrook? What is it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3887.0s	3887.0	 Anxiety. Yeah. And this is why I predicted war at the end of last year, but you know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3892.6s	3892.6	 I think that turned out to be a great prediction. You got that one right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3894.6s	3894.6	 Look, I've been very disappointed in the Republicans. And I think here's what I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3898.1s	3898.1	 is going on. I think if any of those Republicans, like say Mitt Romney or something- Look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3903.2s	3903.2	 I think Lindsey Graham is just a crazy sort of warmonger. But you take someone like Mitt Romney,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3908.0s	3908.0	 who's basically saying all of these sort of more bellicose and escalatory things. If he was actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3915.0s	3915.0	 in Biden's shoes, I bet he'd be making the same decisions as Biden because he would not want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3922.6s	3922.6	 risk war three. But it's such a cheap, easy, partisan political attack to say that Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3929.0s	3929.0	 is being weak and he's not doing everything he can. I don't think he's being weak at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3931.6s	3931.6	 I think history will look back and think two things about this whole thing with the American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3937.0s	3937.0	 lens. The first thing was for whatever set of reasons, we lost it and we diminished some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3942.3s	3942.3	 stature in the world as a perceived arbitrator and mediator in these kinds of conflicts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3947.3s	3947.3	 But separately, I do think Biden has done a very good job in seeing the forest from the trees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3952.0s	3952.0	 He held the line on military intervention and he has really ratcheted up the ability for others
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3958.1s	3958.1	 to impose economic sanctions beside and behind the United States. And I think that will turn out to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3963.3s	3963.3	 a masterstroke. I give him credit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3964.8s	3964.8	 And I think that he deserves to be acknowledged for that. He did a very good job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3967.1s	3967.1	 I'm going to agree with you on that because I think Biden has done an amazing job of just saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3973.0s	3973.0	 outright, we're not going to war. We are not starting war with a full stop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3977.6s	3977.6	 That takes a lot of courage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3978.6s	3978.6	 He has not even, I mean, and Sax, you've lauded him. I think that shows some intellectual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3982.7s	3982.7	 honesty on your part. And to your point, Jamath, there's a reason why we lost our credibility.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3987.4s	3987.4	 These misadventures, as Sax calls them, in the Middle East have been disastrous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3991.6s	3991.6	 We made huge mistakes, and we need to take a different approach. I'll give Trump a compliment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=3997.5s	3997.5	 He didn't start any wars. And if you look at every president who came before him in our lifetime,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4002.7s	4002.7	 every time they start two or three conflicts, and he was like, we're going to have a no war policy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4006.6s	4006.6	 And now you got Biden say, we're not going to go to war either. This could be a tipping point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4010.5s	4010.5	 And our focus, I think the ultimate checkmate should be Biden coming out and the EU coming on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4016.5s	4016.5	 saying, we are going to start a race to resiliency. And here's how it's going to look.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4021.1s	4021.1	 Jason, it's an incredible point that you just made. I just want to reiterate it. Since Reagan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4025.1s	4025.1	 I can explicitly point out incremental conflicts that the president of the United States has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4034.4s	4034.4	 approved and greenlit to get us into. Since Reagan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4037.3s	4037.3	 And what's the point of these? Since Reagan alive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4040.0s	4040.0	 We've been in seven wars since the end of the Cold War. It's amazing. The American people-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4043.7s	4043.7	 Trump was the only one that did not start a new war. And so far, Biden.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4046.9s	4046.9	 You want to know why? Because he was a populist. And the people of the United States of America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4050.6s	4050.6	 don't want these crazy wars. They are sick of all of these wars. It is the foreign policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4056.1s	4056.1	 establishment that is pushing for all of these wars. And listen, why in Obama the same way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4061.7s	4061.7	 Obama- let's just go back. Obama beat Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4066.6s	4066.6	 he was against the Iraq war and she was for it. Yep.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4069.8s	4069.8	 Obama had the right instincts on Ukraine. He did not want to escalate the situation. Remember in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4074.6s	4074.6	 2014, when they took Crimea, he said America does not have a vital national interest that just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4080.3s	4080.3	 finds us going to war. He was right. The president that tried to incite regime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4084.6s	4084.6	 change. It's right. And you want to know why? Because the state department lifers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4091.4s	4091.4	 you know who incited that? Our undersecretary of state for Russian affairs was Victoria Newland,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4099.0s	4099.0	 who was a foreign policy advisor for Dick Cheney. And these people bull weevil their way into the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4104.0s	4104.0	 foreign policy establishment. They're in the think tanks. They're in the state department.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4107.7s	4107.7	 What did you just use? Bull weevil.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4112.6s	4112.6	 They are the permanent- hold on a second. They are the permanent establishment of Washington.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4117.0s	4117.0	 The presidents come and go. They stay forever. She was there. She was caught on a phone call,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4124.0s	4124.0	 basically picking the new leader of Ukraine after a coup in 2014.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4129.4s	4129.4	 Is she the one that had that famous quote that said, Putin, fuck Putin?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4134.0s	4134.0	 He said, she said, yes, is our guy basically picking Yatsenyuk to be the new leader. And she
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4139.5s	4139.5	 said, fuck the EU when the EU wanted to take a more temperate approach. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4144.9s	4144.9	 Okay. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4145.4s	4145.4	 William F. Buckley. Here you go in sacks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4147.1s	4147.1	 I think the mistake Biden made, listen, I think Biden has good instincts on this. I think he had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4152.4s	4152.4	 good instincts last year in June, when he called for basically an emergency summit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4156.7s	4156.7	 with Putin to dial down the tensions. And I think that summit was successful. So what happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4163.3s	4163.3	 The Intercept just had a great article talking about how tensions ratcheted down after that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4167.4s	4167.4	 June summit, but they picked back up in October, November. What happened between June and October?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4172.2s	4172.2	 I'll tell you what. On September 1st, Zelensky met with Biden in the White House and the state
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4177.6s	4177.6	 department issued a joint statement, basically reaffirming that Ukraine would be part of NATO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4183.8s	4183.8	 They would reaffirm military ties, economic ties. And then on November 10th, they published a giant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4189.5s	4189.5	 charter agreement between the United States and Ukraine that was signed by Blinken. Now look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4194.4s	4194.4	 did Biden know about this? Yes, but this is the state department agenda. And it was on the heels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4200.2s	4200.2	 of this charter agreement that the Russians basically said they had reached the boiling point.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4205.5s	4205.5	 They basically delivered the ultimatum to the US in December and precipitated the crisis that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4210.8s	4210.8	 preceded this war. So my point is just listen, we have a state department with its own agenda.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4216.6s	4216.6	 It loves regime change. It loves having clients all over the world and inserting its fingers in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4223.0s	4223.0	 the pie. And unless Biden, hold on, if unless Biden stands up to his own state department,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4228.8s	4228.8	 we will not get a ceasefire and we will not get a peace deal. And that will be disasters for his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4232.8s	4232.8	 presidency. What I will say is, I think Biden has done a very good job. And I know Tony really well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4240.2s	4240.2	 And I think Tony's trying to do the best job he can. I think he's done a pretty good job,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4243.4s	4243.4	 all things considered as well. That's awesome. Any final thoughts here on, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4249.8s	4249.8	 very difficult time period we're living through? The global order is being restructured. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4257.1s	4257.1	 predictable. I think again, if you read Ray Dalio's book, which I recommended heavily last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4262.7s	4262.7	 it's surprising how much of that simple rubric is playing out today, exactly as that rubric kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4271.8s	4271.8	 estimated it would. And, you know, the look, I mean, by the way, one way to think about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4276.7s	4276.7	 China Russia, US dynamic, you know, you got a one, two and three player game theories, number one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4282.2s	4282.2	 wants two and three to be at it, because then they'll, you know, end up diminishing value.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4286.9s	4286.9	 Number two wants one and three to be at it. Number three wants one and two to be at it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4290.4s	4290.4	 And so we're seeing that that multi-party game theory play out right now. And, you know, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4297.0s	4297.0	 based on that rubric, you could probably predict where this is all going to end up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4300.0s	4300.0	 Brilliant point. Listen, if you were to look at this from the Chinese standpoint,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4303.4s	4303.4	 they must be loving what's going on, loving it. Old saying, I think Napoleon said it never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4309.2s	4309.2	 interrupt your enemy when he's making a mistake. Why is China so quiet right now? Well, yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4315.4s	4315.4	 because they love their dream. Their dream is the US and Russia attacking each other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4321.3s	4321.3	 Yeah, we have to implement energy independence writ large. And we have to make sure that it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4330.4s	4330.4	 very clear we have influence amongst all these OECD countries. Because if China takes one foot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4336.1s	4336.1	 over the line, we have to have the ability to do to them what we've done to Russia economically.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4341.7s	4341.7	 It's the only way in which we can ratchet down all this tension and find peace.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4346.9s	4346.9	 Yes, the new war is the war on our dependency on dictators, we much must must have a race
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4352.6s	4352.6	 to resiliency. We're going to talk about this and more at the All In Summit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4358.6s	4358.6	 No more May 15, 16 and 17 All In Summit Miami 500 of the 700 tickets are gone. If you want to apply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4366.6s	4366.6	 for a scholarship, you can apply tell us how much you love the show at the website, just do a Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4370.3s	4370.3	 search for All In Summit. Really excited to announce Keith Raboi will be joining us. One of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4375.3s	4375.3	 saxes besties a very iconoclastic person we're going for iconoclast. Next up Brian Peterson,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4380.3s	4380.3	 friend of the pod from flexport, talking about all these supply chain issues. The number of speakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4385.4s	4385.4	 we're going to have is going to be extraordinary. Brad Gerstner friend of the pod is going to come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4389.0s	4389.0	 talking about markets education. Joe Lonsdale is halfway in again, another iconoclastic controversial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4395.6s	4395.6	 person. And that's what we're going for the day and out. Yeah, and we'll keep announcing more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4402.0s	4402.0	 We'll keep announcing more every week. Apply for a scholarship if you like. And we'll see you all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4407.3s	4407.3	 there for love you guys. Salt and of science, the Rain Man and the dictator. I'm Jake Al love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4414.8s	4414.8	 Best love you, sax. Love you sax. Love you. Free bird. Back at you. Those are good feelings for you to have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4432.6s	4432.6	 Love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4451.6s	4451.6	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U3pVW4u_vw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=64&t=4456.2s	4456.2	 sexual tension that they just need to release them out.
