https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=0.0s	0.0	 Hey, everybody. Hey, everybody. Welcome to another episode of the All In Podcast. We have a new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4.9s	4.9	 bestie, yes, the filling in for the Prince of Panic Attacks. The Queen of Quinoa, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=12.5s	12.5	 Sultan of Science can't make it this week. I think after his incredible performance last week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=17.5s	17.5	 and him trending on TikTok with his incredible insights over, sadly, the potential famine that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=24.1s	24.1	 could come after this Ukraine war, he decided he would take a week off. I think it's just a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=30.2s	30.2	 little too much attention for him. So we have a bestie guestie today. Yes, the shaman of stocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=34.0s	34.0	 is with us. He brings the equanimity to equities. You know him. He'll bring that namaste to your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=39.9s	39.9	 payday. His predictions are the anti-Galloway. Brad Gershner, welcome back to the program.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=46.4s	46.4	 Thanks for having me. Namaste. And also with us, of course, the Rain Man himself. He's bitter on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=53.4s	53.4	 Twitter. He's brawling on calling. He's the Bill of Rights from Pack Heights. David Sacks. Boy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=61.3s	61.3	 you've really outdone yourself today. And the Prince of Palo Alto, the overlord of the Overton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=67.0s	67.0	 window. Shema Pollyhuppity-o. J.K.L., are you the stinker of stonks? Oh, God. Relax. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=75.4s	75.4	 leave the comedy to me. All right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=94.4s	94.4	 It's been a pretty crazy couple of weeks here. We are not a political show here. But obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=99.3s	99.3	 when world affairs become acute as they have, we cannot ignore the war that is occurring in Ukraine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=109.5s	109.5	 We're going to talk a little bit about markets. I think we'll start with those with Brad Gershner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=113.6s	113.6	 here. The SaaS market and the index. Why don't you walk us through this chart here? Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=121.4s	121.4	 everybody's wondering what's happening with the markets given the war, given interest rate hikes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=127.4s	127.4	 and the repricing of stocks. I don't know how you would look at what happened in November,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=131.7s	131.7	 December, January. Brad, how do you contextualize? Well, certainly a repricing is certainly a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=136.6s	136.6	 repricing. But I think of it more as normalization. Okay, right. Chamath was saying it November,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=141.4s	141.4	 I was I was on CNBC talking about the fact that when, when we got to a post COVID world rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=146.8s	146.8	 were going to normalize, go back to where they were in January 2020, that was around 2%. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=152.0s	152.0	 growth multiples would have to come off of this historic Red Bull high that we were on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=157.0s	157.0	 during most of 2020 and 2021. So we were 30 to 50%, depending upon the index above the five year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=164.5s	164.5	 average growth multiple pre COVID. So that just needed to happen. Like we should be celebrating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=170.4s	170.4	 in one sense that that happened, because that means that we overcame a global pandemic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=175.6s	175.6	 The downside is we couldn't play with artificial money, 0% rates, trillions of dollars,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=181.3s	181.3	 you know, of congressional and Fed injection in order to prop up valuations. And when it happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=188.6s	188.6	 in and of itself, that was going to be extraordinarily painful. What I didn't anticipate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=193.8s	193.8	 and what most people didn't anticipate, is that on top of that, we're going to have increasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=198.3s	198.3	 fears of hyperinflation, not just getting back to normal rates, and that we were going to find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=205.2s	205.2	 ourselves in the middle of an incredibly devastating war in Ukraine. Those two things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=211.1s	211.1	 added to the uncertainty, the risk premiums, added to uncertainty around future inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=217.4s	217.4	 the dot plot exploded higher, and expectations of forward rates went higher. Now, why the hell does
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=223.0s	223.0	 this matter? It matters because when you take, you know, if you're looking at that chart,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=229.0s	229.0	 the five year average, the 10 year was two and a half percent. Like we all got comfortable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=234.1s	234.1	 investing in this period of time, the markets hate uncertainty, we had a predictable way for us to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=241.0s	241.0	 estimate where we thought our wax should be in our discounted cash flow models.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=245.6s	245.6	 All of a sudden, that was thrown into thrown into the air. Oh my god, look what we got going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=252.2s	252.2	 Look at this. Oh, yeah, never compete with babies or animals. No chance. No chance. This is Talita.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=259.2s	259.2	 Talita. Look at this little look at this little butterball. Oh my lord, look at that. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=264.6s	264.6	 so good. Sax, that's called a child. It's a you have three of them. Those are babies. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=269.7s	269.7	 you're seeing there is affection from a father and a child. Look at how cute this little baby is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=275.8s	275.8	 Sax is like, this is taking from my time. Get that baby out of here. So cute. So, Brad, I guess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=283.2s	283.2	 what everybody wants to know now that we see this repricing occur is what do you think is going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=288.2s	288.2	 happen in 2022 and then into 2023? So we're now multiples are now below the five year average.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=298.6s	298.6	 For software, we're about at the five year average for internet. We're well below the five year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=303.0s	303.0	 average. I said on Twitter that the rate path last week became a lot more certain. The Fed said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=310.2s	310.2	 something last week that I think is still not well reported, well understood. The Fed said at the end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=316.3s	316.3	 of the year, we're going to have 2% negative real rates. They said we expect inflation exiting the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=324.8s	324.8	 year to be 4.3 and we expect the 10 year to be around 2.3. The reason the market exploded higher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=332.7s	332.7	 is because under the Fed's prior protocol, a 4% inflationary rate would mean that rates would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=341.0s	341.0	 have to go to four and a half. And if you take rates to four and a half, then growth multiples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=346.8s	346.8	 need to be about 30% below the five year average. So as investors, whether we're investing in mid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=354.2s	354.2	 stage venture, late stage venture, whether we're investing in the public markets, we need to know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=359.0s	359.0	 what exit multiples are. And it was bad enough that we had to bear the drawdown coming off of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=366.2s	366.2	 this red bull high of 2020 and 21. But if you think we're durably going to an inflation rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=373.4s	373.4	 of 3% or 4% and an interest rate environment of 3% or 4%, then you simply have to adjust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=382.1s	382.1	 what you're willing to pay for growth assets. And so as I look ahead, we don't know with certainty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=389.9s	389.9	 The question is, what's the distribution of probabilities? And just this morning, Citi,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=396.0s	396.0	 Goldman Sachs raised their exit 10 year for 2022 to 2.7% and took it as high as 3.5% for 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=407.0s	407.0	 I think this period is going to be marked by a lot of uncertainty around inflation and rates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=411.6s	411.6	 until we have more clarity. And what that means is allocators of capital are going to allocate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=416.2s	416.2	 less to risk assets and they're going to pay less for risk assets. But listen, if I look out over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=422.0s	422.0	 the five, 10 year horizon, I don't believe in global stagflation. I don't believe that we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=426.6s	426.6	 in this new hyperinflation environment, but we're going to have to get through this next six, 12,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=431.6s	431.6	 18 months, and it's going to be filled with a lot of volatility and a lot of uncertainty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=435.4s	435.4	 S? TREMOTH, WHAT RINGS MOST TRUE ABOUT WHAT BRAD JUST SAID AND THEN WHAT CAN YOU ADD TO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=439.9s	439.9	 THE PREDICTION FOR THIS COMING YEAR? I don't know what the prediction for this year is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=445.6s	445.6	 I think the markets are mostly moving upwards for the short term. And then I think volatility is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=453.9s	453.9	 going to come back. I'm just trying to find good long-term businesses and just kind of close my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=461.3s	461.3	 eyes and not have to look at these stock prices every day. And as long as I can manage my own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=467.4s	467.4	 psychology, I think I'll be fine. And I think that's probably the thing that most of us need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=470.6s	470.6	 to be doing. The interesting thing about Brad said is that the implication of that is that it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=475.8s	475.8	 means that late stage venture is pretty badly mispriced. And I think you're going to have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=483.3s	483.3	 knock these things back by 50, 60%. I think you saw the first real big movement there yesterday,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=491.7s	491.7	 which was the Instacart print, right? We went from a $40 billion valuation to I think it was 24,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=500.7s	500.7	 if you look at from February of last year, which was really the high for all of us,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=504.6s	504.6	 right? That's when we all thought we could do no wrong. The comps to Instacart are off anywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=510.3s	510.3	 between 50 and 70%. Takeaway is off 70%. Uber's down 60%. DoorDash was down 55%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=517.4s	517.4	 So these are some big moves. And so it made sense that Instacart had to get kind of like reset.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=524.2s	524.2	 The problem that it has is that it's now the nth player trying to get public into a space with many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=531.4s	531.4	 players who've guzzled up a lot of capital in a low rate environment. And so if you think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=537.4s	537.4	 company building, this is why entrepreneurs have to pay attention to this stuff. You want to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=541.9s	541.9	 money when money is cheap. But the problem is you can't control that timing. And so if you can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=547.4s	547.4	 control your operating margins and your profitability, then you're going to have to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=552.6s	552.6	 you're going to have to go and basically pay somebody an enormously high price to get their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=557.4s	557.4	 money. And I think that's what setting itself up to happen in a bunch of these markets. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=563.5s	563.5	 enterprise SaaS has always claimed long term profitability. The thing is, when you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=570.2s	570.2	 sort of like the real long term companies, they've built some enormous moats, right? Like if you look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=575.3s	575.3	 at a ServiceNow or a Salesforce at the high end. And then there's a crop of a couple of companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=581.7s	581.7	 like Palo Alto Networks, who are the next ones coming after who seemed like behemoths in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=586.4s	586.4	 making. But everybody else, I think people have to really question like, where the long term
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=590.9s	590.9	 profitability going to come from. And so if that's true, then the late stage private SaaS companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=595.1s	595.1	 are in trouble. Similarly, in places like delivery, where again, you've had a bunch of comps come out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=600.3s	600.3	 they've been curing in the public markets for years, you know, Uber, DoorDash, there's a couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=604.9s	604.9	 of these behemoths getting built, DoorDash being the most obvious. And then there's a bunch of more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=609.8s	609.8	 kind of question mark business models, including Uber, which is not really hanging together in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=614.0s	614.0	 public markets. So I think the real question for entrepreneurs is if you have the nth business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=620.7s	620.7	 nth being not the first, not the second, but you're the seventh or eighth or tenth trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=625.8s	625.8	 to go public, and all the seven or eight before you are gas guzzling machines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=632.6s	632.6	 you're going to pay a very heavy price to get public. And I think that that's the reckoning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=637.4s	637.4	 that we're starting to see. So I'm really interested to see how that plays out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=640.4s	640.4	 You know, the Instacart valuation could easily be cheap at 24. But it could just as easily be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=647.7s	647.7	 overpriced by another $10 billion, depending on how people think about who the last buyer of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=652.2s	652.2	 resort is in the public markets. Sacks did Instacart miss their window to go public? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=656.8s	656.8	 then what does this say about the backlog of hundreds of unicorns that the venture community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=662.6s	662.6	 is investing heavily in? Some of them are probably going to have to IPO at down rounds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=667.8s	667.8	 I think that's sort of the takeaway. Explain what that is to Neophytes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=671.0s	671.0	 Well, it just means that they're gonna have to go public and evaluation lower than what the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=675.0s	675.0	 private round was. So all these late stage private investors who assumed that they would always make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=680.1s	680.1	 money investing in a company in the last private round before when public they thought that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=684.8s	684.8	 sort of an automatic gain and arbitrage and it's not and there's going to be some disappointment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=691.5s	691.5	 there. Brad's been sharing these charts with me since I guess what December, Brad, where then the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=698.2s	698.2	 charts basically show public SaaS valuations as a multiple of ARR and then he's got a similar chart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=705.5s	705.5	 for sort of the internet companies that sort of non-SaaS internet companies as a function of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=710.6s	710.6	 revenue. We've been looking at these charts. You know, once Brad showed these to me again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=715.0s	715.0	 four months ago, it became so obvious what was going on, which is that valuations were reverting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=721.2s	721.2	 back to the historical mean. If you look at, you know, during the two-year period during COVID,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=727.4s	727.4	 the multiples had risen to some insane level, right? And because of all the liquidity that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=732.8s	732.8	 had been pumped into the system. So as soon as you saw the charts that way, you could just see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=738.2s	738.2	 where things were headed, which is back to historical averages. Now we're below those averages,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=743.3s	743.3	 partly because of this. No, no, no, not really.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=746.0s	746.0	 The multiples are. Can I summarize Brad's chart because it is extremely elegant and simple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=751.0s	751.0	 for the layman to understand. So here's the layman's understanding of Brad's analysis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=759.4s	759.4	 technical analysis and balance sheet and P&L analysis, which is accurate. When rates are zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=766.8s	766.8	 typically people are willing to pay eight times revenue for a company. Okay. So if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=773.5s	773.5	 generating a hundred million revenue, top line revenue, you're generating a hundred million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=776.6s	776.6	 dollars of revenue in your reasonably high margin, reasonably high growth software business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=781.0s	781.0	 That's worth $800 million in the public markets. For every 100 basis point increase in rates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=788.9s	788.9	 you decrease the valuation between 15 and 20%. So if you think rates are at 2.75%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=796.6s	796.6	 the price is somewhere between 30 to 40% cheaper than what it was when rates were at zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=803.7s	803.7	 So if you go back and you look at every TechCrunch article and every Bloomberg article and every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=809.6s	809.6	 information article and you look at all those headline valuations when rates were at zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=815.7s	815.7	 we all just said rates are going to be somewhere between 2.5% to 3% at the end of this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=822.2s	822.2	 At a minimum, you have to haircut those things by 30 to 40% steady state, meaning the company is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=828.3s	828.3	 continuing to execute on all cylinders. If they have a downtick in their performance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=834.9s	834.9	 then it increases that discount. If rates go higher, it increases the discount. But the basic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=840.3s	840.3	 way to think about this is for every hundred basis point increase in rates, you got to downtick that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=845.3s	845.3	 valuation by 15 to 20%. And I think, you know, just to be fair, I think, I don't think there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=851.3s	851.3	 any daylight between you and Sachs on this. What Sachs has said is the 40%- No, I'm just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=855.3s	855.3	 giving the numerical rule that summarizes that. Right. I think you're right. That is the correlation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=861.7s	861.7	 And so this idea, listen, we all get paid to find good companies and avoid bad companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=866.9s	866.9	 That's generally what we get paid to do. We're decent at it. All of a sudden, in fact, most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=872.1s	872.1	 fundamental investors say, hey, I'm not a macro expert. I don't know where inflation is going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=875.8s	875.8	 I don't know where interest rates going. I just find good companies. We've had a decade or longer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=881.6s	881.6	 where that was okay to do. That was easy to do because guess what? Inflation was at two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=887.2s	887.2	 And we had two and a half percent tenure. When all of a sudden you have massive volatility in that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=892.8s	892.8	 it's not acceptable as an investor just to say, well, none of this matters because it does matter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=898.6s	898.6	 Right. Price matters because what you can exit for is essential to the game. And there are a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=904.8s	904.8	 lot of people invest in 2013, 14 and 15 when the cost of entry was low and exited when the cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=913.1s	913.1	 entry was high. Multiple expansion hides many sins. Right. And now just the opposite is happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=920.5s	920.5	 in a dramatic and historic way in that multiples were higher than they've ever been caused by a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=926.2s	926.2	 global pandemic. And the exit rate for a lot of those companies, right, is going to be very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=931.8s	931.8	 painful. I think that Sachs's point about down round IPOs, I don't think this is the exception,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=936.5s	936.5	 David. No, Reddit. I think the vast majority of companies that come public in the next 12 months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=941.4s	941.4	 are going out below their last round's valuation. Yes, the Reddit rumor was that Goldman put a $10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=948.9s	948.9	 billion price on the cover and that, you know, it effectively been cut in half. Again, these are all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=955.0s	955.0	 rumors, so these could completely not be true. I don't have any knowledge one way or the other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=959.7s	959.7	 To $5 billion. And that may actually end up being too expensive. It just depends on where the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=965.6s	965.6	 is. Well, just so people are clear, when investors, sophisticated investors make these late stage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=970.1s	970.1	 valuations at very high multiples like they have, they do have some downside protections. In other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=975.4s	975.4	 words, they cannot lose more than the money that was put in when this thing IPOs or they may get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=980.2s	980.2	 kickers of additional shares. So maybe these IPO, no, no, no, in fairness, you're talking about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=984.7s	984.7	 something very important, but they're very rarely in these high priced rounds, because most of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=989.0s	989.0	 high priced rounds are in go go companies where all of those rights get stripped away. This is why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=994.6s	994.6	 I do think Jason, what you're actually bringing up is in the last innings of a bull market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1000.1s	1000.1	 you have incredibly irresponsible behavior by a bunch of these investors. And that's also going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1004.8s	1004.8	 to get exposed as well. So Jason, what you're talking about is what's called an IPO ratchet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1009.2s	1009.2	 which means I'm giving you this money at this price. But if you can't IPO at this price,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1013.9s	1013.9	 then you're going to give me an equivalent number of shares that makes me whole, right? So it's as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1019.0s	1019.0	 if I am I am indifferent to what price you IPO at. That's extremely dilutive to really one really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1025.5s	1025.5	 important class of individual, which is the employees of the company. It's also really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1029.8s	1029.8	 dilutive to other investors who've come in before them. But Jason, you're probably right to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1034.8s	1034.8	 extent that there were IPO ratchets, they'll get triggered. But I think in many of these go go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1038.3s	1038.3	 companies, and you know, Brad and Sachs can confirm, but I see it, all those rights get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1042.3s	1042.3	 stripped away. It's like come in at this crazy price. This is your chance to get our logo on your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1050.6s	1050.6	 fundraising deck for the next round. And so this is the price of the capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1054.8s	1054.8	 It's been a little bit of sloppy behavior, just so people understand this, if the Reddit valuation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1059.0s	1059.0	 was 10 billion, somebody put in, you know, 100 million in this late stage round, if it came out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1063.8s	1063.8	 at 5 billion, they would get twice as many shares to make up for that difference.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1068.6s	1068.6	 That doesn't exist in the case of Reddit, J Cal, you know, it was fidelity who led that last round.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1073.9s	1073.9	 So they're going to be price takers at whatever price the company comes public.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1077.8s	1077.8	 What does that mean? Explain that price takers?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1079.7s	1079.7	 So, you know, if they come public at $5 billion, and you put in $100 million,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1083.9s	1083.9	 your stake is now worth 50 million. Right, right. So you lost 50 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1087.2s	1087.2	 Why didn't they have the discipline to put in these protective provisions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1092.1s	1092.1	 ratchets, etc. What happened in the market? To Chamath's point, they haven't really existed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1096.7s	1096.7	 in most deals for the last five years. Right. I go back to 2000, and I think 2007 2008, kayak raised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1104.2s	1104.2	 money with a ratchet in their last pre IPO round. It prevented them from getting public for three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1109.9s	1109.9	 or four years. That dilution overhang was a significant impediment to getting public. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1116.7s	1116.7	 you know, listen, we all know that Groupon raised at $20 billion went public in a year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1121.9s	1121.9	 later is worth 2 billion. I mean, it's not as though this hasn't happened before. But yes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1127.1s	1127.1	 people people got a little lax at Asico. I just wanted to say one other thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1131.2s	1131.2	 though, because multiples coming down is a problem. What this really reveals is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1136.5s	1136.5	 important of stock and company selection. Right? Because if you were a shitty company with an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1143.0s	1143.0	 unproven business model right way out on the risk curve, okay. And you had a super high valuation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1148.8s	1148.8	 last year. And you don't you know, there's a good chance you never grow in it grow into it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1153.9s	1153.9	 you never get back to that valuation example, your example, your growth will desale. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1158.8s	1158.8	 give us an example company. Okay, discord, ripple,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1162.2s	1162.2	 glad, grammerly, in the 15 minute delivery space in your go puff. You know, I would say go puff is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1171.2s	1171.2	 one of the best of them. There are a lot of startups that got funded with billions of dollars in Europe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1175.5s	1175.5	 unproven business models burning tremendous amount of cash, right? Like, I don't know why they need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1181.1s	1181.1	 to exist. I don't think they're going to get funded, right? Maybe one or two of them do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1186.0s	1186.0	 But when you have door dash and Uber that are free cash flow positive, that have strong brands,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1191.0s	1191.0	 and they can redeploy those profits back into compete in those markets, think it's very tough.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1195.4s	1195.4	 Neo banks are another example. Neo banks, you know, the number of neo banks that have been funded at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1201.3s	1201.3	 exorbitant valuations, where, you know, the problem is all of these financial services companies are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1208.1s	1208.1	 essentially an arbitrage on rates, right? When rates are zero, they take that money at 0%. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1213.9s	1213.9	 then they can go and execute a business model, you know, and sell that money at 1% and take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1218.5s	1218.5	 difference. But when their cost of capital is two or two and a half or 3%, the whole business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1222.8s	1222.8	 implodes on them. So you're going to see a bunch of these financial services companies get under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1227.1s	1227.1	 pressure. Another example, Jason is like all the low end, you know, bottoms up SaaS companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1232.8s	1232.8	 And the reason is because they spend their time inside of Google and Facebook doing customer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1237.6s	1237.6	 acquisition and managing this very intricate dance of LTV to CAC. And when all of those input costs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1244.2s	1244.2	 go up, their business implodes because you can't raise rates faster or you can't raise prices,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1250.2s	1250.2	 I would say faster than faster than the input costs are and then all of a sudden your unit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1253.4s	1253.4	 economics blow up. And in all of this, what is the salvation in a moment like this? It's being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1260.7s	1260.7	 healthy gross margins, healthy contribution margins, and a realistic path to profitability,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1267.4s	1267.4	 which means being EBIT deposit this year or within the next two years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1271.8s	1271.8	 Said another way, if you're profitable, you're not going to go away.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1275.5s	1275.5	 If you can't if you can't show that you're you know, to use the famous Paul Graham ad,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1279.2s	1279.2	 default alive, in a moment like this, then you are a price taker, which means that you will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1286.3s	1286.3	 have to pay probably a very high cost of capital to raise incremental capital to support a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1292.3s	1292.3	 fundamentally fragile and non resilient business model is the issue here, sex, that when you see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1297.8s	1297.8	 the getter guerrillas zap, all these instant delivery companies get funded at exorbitant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1303.8s	1303.8	 prices, and they're the seventh, eighth, ninth, as Chamath is pointing out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1307.9s	1307.9	 No, no, no, Instacart was the seventh. Those are like the 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1311.6s	1311.6	 Here we are. This to me seems like the fault of poor judgment by capital allocator sacks. Are there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1319.5s	1319.5	 too many venture funds chasing too few deals, and not thinking through what investing in the 10th,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1326.2s	1326.2	 11th or 12th player in a market is going to be able to do? Is it too much?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1331.7s	1331.7	 I think part I think part of what's going on with the companies you mentioned is that they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1334.6s	1334.6	 physical world companies, they are very capital intensive, they burn a lot of money, they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1339.4s	1339.4	 operationally intensive. I have sort of sour I started on those businesses years ago. And that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1345.4s	1345.4	 why I just focus on SAS, because they're basically perfect gross margin businesses. They're very,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1350.2s	1350.2	 they can be very capital efficient, if the founders want to run them that way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1355.8s	1355.8	 So what we're doing now is telling founders lengthen your runway, be more capital efficient,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1361.0s	1361.0	 you need to understand that multiples, if you raise last year at 100 times ARR,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1366.3s	1366.3	 you need to understand that the next time you raise it, maybe at 20 times ARR. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1370.2s	1370.2	 now you can grow into that, right? If you're tripling and then triple again the next year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1375.2s	1375.2	 you will be able to grow into that valuation. But, you know, make your money last two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1379.4s	1379.4	 three, four years instead of, you know, burning it in 12 to 18 months, unless you want a down round.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1385.0s	1385.0	 I think this is this is the point that now allocators, venture capitalists are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1391.4s	1391.4	 spend the next six months thinking about what's in bucket one, low quality companies, burning a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1398.1s	1398.1	 of cash that may very well not make it across the chasm, no path to profitability, what are the high
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1403.7s	1403.7	 quality companies that yeah, the multiples down because public market multiples are down, risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1408.5s	1408.5	 premiums have changed, inflation changed, but they have plenty of cash on the balance sheet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1412.9s	1412.9	 And think about it this way, Snowflake became a poster child in the public markets of a high priced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1418.9s	1418.9	 SaaS business. Snowflake this year will grow its free cash flow at over 100% a year, next year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1425.1s	1425.1	 probably, you know, 80 or 90% free cash flow, not just revenue, free cash flow. In Q4, I think they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1431.5s	1431.5	 booked 1.4 billion of revenue, Q4 on a business that entirely in last year did 1.2 billion in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1438.6s	1438.6	 revenue, right? You think about that, the incremental was more than what they had generated in the prior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1444.2s	1444.2	 many years, that business. So let's say we reduce the multiple by 50%, but the company's growing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1451.1s	1451.1	 top line and free cash flow by 100%. Doesn't take you very long to grow through the multiple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1456.4s	1456.4	 compression. So Snowflake's multiple is plummeting for two reasons. One, because the stock price came
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1462.6s	1462.6	 down. Number two, because right there growth rate and free cash flow growth is so high. And so now if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1469.6s	1469.6	 you look at the multiple, it's similar to what we would expect of a regression of the five year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1474.5s	1474.5	 analysis. Unless these companies unless these private companies are want to go dark for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1479.0s	1479.0	 next three to five years, meaning, night, you know, no sophisticated late stage investor doing around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1485.8s	1485.8	 or going public, they'll be okay. But otherwise, they're going to have to reckon with a version of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1490.7s	1490.7	 what Brad just said, which is the high the flight to quality problem. You know, when in moments of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1496.2s	1496.2	 uncertainty and high volatility, it's just more straightforward to go to the things that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1503.2s	1503.2	 reliable. And so you know, when you think in the public tech markets, what is a reliable must own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1509.8s	1509.8	 company? Well, I would put Snowflake in the list of these must own high growth software businesses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1516.1s	1516.1	 right? You know, the fangs tend to be in the must own category. But then there are all these other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1521.8s	1521.8	 businesses that then get orphaned because they're kind of nice to own, would love to own would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1526.7s	1526.7	 great in any other circumstance. And that gets even more exacerbated in the in the private markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1532.5s	1532.5	 you have to remember, right now, like the private markets cannot really exist without an incremental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1539.3s	1539.3	 buyer of equity. Right? You a bag holder, somebody has somebody needs to be the bag holder,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1546.2s	1546.2	 somebody needs to be the bag holder after you. And the problem right now is that those folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1552.4s	1552.4	 have a lot more credible, safe, durable assets that they can own, and not have to deal with all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1560.6s	1560.6	 the crazy anxiety that comes with owning something that's, that's high volatility, like, or Chamath,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1566.2s	1566.2	 correct me if I'm wrong, or Brad, if they don't want to even be involved in this, Meshuggah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1570.0s	1570.0	 they could just be in cash and the interest rates are going up. So maybe they could say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1573.5s	1573.5	 you know what, I'll just sit this out for a year. Is that also happening with those folks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1578.0s	1578.0	 Well, I think too hard to do because of inflation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1580.2s	1580.2	 She knows a bunch of these folks, but like take for example, D1, you know, it's Dan Sondheim's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1585.7s	1585.7	 great investor. I mean, my understanding is that they are sort of off privates completely. Because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1592.6s	1592.6	 why invest in a private company at X times ARR when you can invest in a public SaaS company for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1598.6s	1598.6	 six times? So they've substituted, I think Tiger is still in market with a gigantic fund for privates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1605.1s	1605.1	 but the valuations have come down. So they're essentially re pricing everything. I think those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1609.5s	1609.5	 are probably the two broad reactions you could have, right, Brad? Certainly, I would say this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1615.1s	1615.1	 broadly speaking, the late stage private financing market in venture is closed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1620.9s	1620.9	 Because there hasn't been, right, we're in this buyer seller standoff. Sellers aren't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1627.5s	1627.5	 to the point where they're willing to accept that a new regime of multiples exists,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1632.6s	1632.6	 right? It's painful. We saw, you know, the Instacart news here recently, but I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1638.8s	1638.8	 you know, like, listen, we're not even 10 or 20% of the way into the psychic reset that needs to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1643.8s	1643.8	 occur in order for us to see real price discovery. That's not going to occur until these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1650.3s	1650.3	 need money or want to go public. That's right. This fall is when we'll start to see real price
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1655.0s	1655.0	 discovery. You couldn't pry a late stage dollar out of my hand right now. Because I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1660.5s	1660.5	 we have real price discovery going on early stage venture for investing in an incredible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1665.8s	1665.8	 you know, software business at 300 million, 400 million, 500 billion, we think can be worth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1669.8s	1669.8	 tens of billions, you can withstand a little inflation. But the later you get in the life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1674.5s	1674.5	 cycle of a business, it's about IRRs. And IRRs in late stage at last year's valuations relative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1681.0s	1681.0	 to today's public market valuations. That is a negative arbitrage. Explain IRR why that matters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1686.8s	1686.8	 Yeah, just for the layman. You know, we expect our herder rate in the public markets is a 20%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1692.2s	1692.2	 risk adjusted rate of return. So if I'm, you know, like, you know, you look at these late stage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1698.2s	1698.2	 private valuations from last year, I mean, you know, Sachs just talked about companies repricing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1704.2s	1704.2	 down 40 or 50 or 60%. So if they haven't done that, no, just to have a conversation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1710.2s	1710.2	 just to uplevel this, what Brad is saying is the following, Jason, any person can wake up tomorrow,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1715.4s	1715.4	 and by the S&P index, right, what Buffett would tell you to do just by the S&P 500 index,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1721.4s	1721.4	 that historically has compounded at around 8% a year if you reinvest the dividends. So you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1728.0s	1728.0	 do nothing, right, get a basket of the 500 best companies in the world that are automatically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1733.7s	1733.7	 selected for you based on revenue and profitability, you don't have to do anything. And that'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1738.2s	1738.2	 compound at 8%. That is effectively the risk free rate if you want to own an equity. So if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1743.0s	1743.0	 going to step into the late stage private markets and, you know, buy some shares and you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1747.3s	1747.3	 ding dong.com, you got to be rewarded for that, which typically means that there is a premium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1753.9s	1753.9	 above the 8%. And what Brad is saying, like, you know, it's actually more than double in his case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1758.8s	1758.8	 what he's saying is it's two and a half times, you know, you got to clear 20% to you. Otherwise,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1763.6s	1763.6	 you're better off on a risk adjusted basis. It is what's likely to happen. I'm looking here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1767.3s	1767.3	 at a list go puff at 40 billion Canva at 40 billion. Klarna at 45 billion discord at 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1773.8s	1773.8	 billion ripple at 15 billion. These grammarly at 13 billion. These don't make sense. Given that if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1778.7s	1778.7	 they were public, they would be trading at 50% of that. Here's what you can say. If everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1786.3s	1786.3	 is held equal, just with the rise of rates, you have to reset those valuations between probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1792.6s	1792.6	 15 and 40%. Okay, at a minimum minimum, but what Brad said is also true, which is if they then keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1799.8s	1799.8	 growing at a superior rate, they can get back to even so meaning 18 months, they could also show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1805.9s	1805.9	 up again at 40 and be net net awash. They could get unstuck, but a lot of hard work will need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1812.3s	1812.3	 happen underneath the covers of these businesses in the next two years. Okay, for that to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1817.4s	1817.4	 That's what's going to happen with a lot of these early stage private companies, right is let's say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1821.3s	1821.3	 the error multiple has gone from 100 times to 20 or 30 times, they have to grow their ARR 5x to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1829.8s	1829.8	 the same valuation. So the question is, can they grow their ARR 5x before having to return to market?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1835.7s	1835.7	 That's just to get a flat round. Now, if they are tripling this year and then doubling next year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1841.1s	1841.1	 then that's six x growth in ARR. So even if you know, the multiples gone down 5x, they could still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1846.7s	1846.7	 get a slight up round. So that's the game I think all these companies are going to be playing is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1851.8s	1851.8	 lengthen your runway so that you can grow into your valuation and not take it down round because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1857.4s	1857.4	 problem is, if you're ever in a situation where you take it down round, it's way worse than just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1863.0s	1863.0	 the dilution because now the psychology of everyone in the company changes. Everyone has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1867.2s	1867.2	 to worry that you're gone sideways. It's hard to agree. But here's the difficulty of what Sachs is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1873.2s	1873.2	 saying though, in order to grow revenue, you have to invest, right? You have to invest in salespeople
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1878.3s	1878.3	 and account management functions in engineers and product managers, right? And all of those people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1884.2s	1884.2	 need to exist, which actually increases OPEX, right? It increases burn, it doesn't maintain burn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1889.9s	1889.9	 And so this is the death spiral, Jason, you're talking about, which is in order to actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1893.3s	1893.3	 grow by those multiples, you actually don't have more fuel, you got to increase your speed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1897.6s	1897.6	 burn more fuel, you don't actually have the money to withstand two or three or the altitude.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1902.4s	1902.4	 You're now so it's going to be a very precarious balancing act of trying to figure out how these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1906.2s	1906.2	 companies actually get to the other side because again, I think the the buyers in this case will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1911.2s	1911.2	 be will drive a hard bargain. I mean, like, look, organizations like, you know, durable D1 Tiger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1918.8s	1918.8	 Altimeter, these guys are the smartest of the smart, they're not dumb. And so you know, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1923.2s	1923.2	 price of capital is going up in that case. And so you know, they're going to strike really good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1928.6s	1928.6	 opportunities for their investors, right for their LPs, if we were going to do an analogy here, 20%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1933.9s	1933.9	 The analogy here is these founders were on autopilot, they were asleep at the wheel. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1939.0s	1939.0	 now all of a sudden, they're in the soup and they got to really perform. No, that's not fair. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1943.4s	1943.4	 think they were asleep at the wheel at all. I just think that they, you know, says this when the when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1947.7s	1947.7	 the music is on, you got to dance. They did it. They raised money at the highest valuation possible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1952.9s	1952.9	 God bless them. Now, you're going to see who is really good at what they do. And who is benefiting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1961.5s	1961.5	 from a lot of just natural, you know, you know, right. But people were only when I say when I say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1967.7s	1967.7	 they were on autopilot, let me start for the pencils for the first time. That's what I'm talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1972.2s	1972.2	 about. You have to make real trade. Look in an in an up market. Well, in an up market or a boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1978.0s	1978.0	 market, the three things that matter are growth, growth and growth. In a down market, the three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1982.7s	1982.7	 things that matter are growth, burn and margins. It's not that growth stops mattering. It's just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1987.9s	1987.9	 that burn and margins also matter. And now there's going to be real trade offs before it was just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1993.1s	1993.1	 how much money can we spend how quickly to get growth. Now it's wait a second, is this growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=1997.4s	1997.4	 efficient, you know, and will we have enough runway to get to the next round without having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2002.7s	2002.7	 to take it down round? Brad, when we saw at the peak of the pandemic, some leadership, I'd say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2008.5s	2008.5	 you know, seasoned or well informed leadership, Airbnb and Uber come to mind, cut their staffs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2014.2s	2014.2	 massively. They use that crisis to reset their cost structure and get to profitability quicker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2019.6s	2019.6	 Those were money losing businesses for a long time, maybe, you know, taking advantage of these hot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2024.6s	2024.6	 markets. Is that what needs to happen here? Are we going to see a cascade of companies lowering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2029.3s	2029.3	 their valuation, lowering their costs, sharpening their pencils, cutting staff, and then becoming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2033.4s	2033.4	 more efficient and more ruthless at you know, the six, seventh, eighth product they're launching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2037.8s	2037.8	 saying, Hey, let's go to the core product and make it sing, make it profitable. You know, Frank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2043.0s	2043.0	 Slootman has said that Silicon Valley is full of companies that are walking dead and they don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2048.4s	2048.4	 even know it. Right? You know, Frank is, you know, he says in tape socks, he says, Listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2055.3s	2055.3	 I'm a wartime CEO, not a peacetime CEO. Right? He came into he came into snowflake when it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2061.1s	2061.1	 growing over 300%. And he, you know, he reconstituted what what that culture was about to prepare for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2070.1s	2070.1	 wartime. Right? Because he says when wartime comes, right, and it gets challenging, I want to run the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2075.8s	2075.8	 field. Right? I don't want to be laying off employees. I want to be that's the time to hire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2081.0s	2081.0	 That's the time to press the advantage. That's the time to invest in product. That's the time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2085.0s	2085.0	 to win the new customers. Unfortunately, over the course of last 12 to 18 months, a lot of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2090.2s	2090.2	 without that experience, right took a negative signal. And the signal was money will always be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2096.5s	2096.5	 available. And it will be available at ever increasing valuations. And of course, anybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2101.8s	2101.8	 who's been at this for 20 years, like the four of us, we know that isn't true. But it's amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2107.5s	2107.5	 I mean, the behavioral psychology, our ability to gaslight ourselves,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2113.1s	2113.1	 totally in these moments and move out on the risk curve and ignore these lessons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2117.9s	2117.9	 Right. And so I really actually hurt and I've spent a lot of time on Zooms lately,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2124.7s	2124.7	 with founders and with their teams, talking them through this, because like, we talk about it in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2130.2s	2130.2	 the abstract and through the lens of a spreadsheet. But there are a lot of people's lives at stake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2135.9s	2135.9	 If you're an employee, and you went to this company, and you took everything in stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2140.1s	2140.1	 at 15 billion, that's now worth 5 billion, you're totally underwater. At the same time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2146.0s	2146.0	 the cost of buying a home and mortgage rates and everything else is going up against you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2150.5s	2150.5	 I mean, this is a massive morale problem. Right? You know, for companies that, frankly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2156.6s	2156.6	 we want to invest in, these are the innovators. But this is what happens when you have government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2162.1s	2162.1	 intrusion. Right? That we can all debate whether or not it's worthwhile. But it was hugely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2167.0s	2167.0	 distortive. What we know to be true is that we had more distortion in markets the last two years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2173.4s	2173.4	 than probably any time since post-World War II. And the consequence of that is dramatic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2179.2s	2179.2	 And, you know, we all kind of saw it, but we all kind of gaslighted ourselves as well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2184.1s	2184.1	 because you were like, well, maybe there is a new normal, maybe we have accelerated digitization.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2189.0s	2189.0	 The truth of the matter is the law of economic gravity is interest rates and inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2193.8s	2193.8	 and it remains. Yeah. And this time, turns out, is not really that much different.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2200.2s	2200.2	 I think, Jason, if you take your list of these high price startups, I think it would be a good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2205.1s	2205.1	 useful exercise for somebody to do. Somebody in the press should probably do it. But if you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2209.4s	2209.4	 take that list and just rank companies based on valuation, the last announced date,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2214.7s	2214.7	 and then if they are not announcing layoffs of any kind,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2221.9s	2221.9	 you can probably forecast when they're going to burn through the money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2225.8s	2225.8	 especially if they're hiring. And the reason that you can probably forecast that accurately is you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2230.0s	2230.0	 can pretty much predict what OPEX will be, especially knowing the fact that their input
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2234.7s	2234.7	 costs are actually going up. So, for example, most of these businesses that rely on Facebook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2238.6s	2238.6	 and Google and Instagram for customer acquisition, those input costs are going up. And the reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2242.7s	2242.7	 you know that is that's $2 trillion of market cap that doesn't give a flying fuck what's happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2248.0s	2248.0	 in startup land. They're going to make their numbers. Right. Okay. Those are the most important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2253.5s	2253.5	 companies in the world. They will ratchet up the prices. And so your input costs are going up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2259.4s	2259.4	 It's not just the physical supply of materials that I think is going up. It's just the cost of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2264.0s	2264.0	 customer acquisition is going to probably go up by 20, 30, 40%. Right. And you know this because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2269.4s	2269.4	 Facebook and Google guide to where they need to perform. And so if you pass that through the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2274.5s	2274.5	 venture ecosystem, that all of a sudden now upticks your burn. If you're adding more people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2279.4s	2279.4	 it upticks your burn. And now back to David's math, you then also have to grow five or six X.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2284.7s	2284.7	 None of this hangs together. So we are at the beginning of probably a very complicated process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2289.8s	2289.8	 of unwinding the distortion that we've lived through in the last couple of years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2293.5s	2293.5	 At this point, I mean, you have to blame the capital allocators in this instance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2298.2s	2298.2	 they bought these logos, they suspended disbelief, we've had this ridiculous culture of no governance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2304.3s	2304.3	 uncapped notes, just pushing I see it on the boards on mine, you guys probably see it too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2309.0s	2309.0	 Some people just pushing top line growth, never discussing unique economics, never discussing the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2313.9s	2313.9	 bottom line. And they created these crazy fugazi markups, they raised bigger funds based on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2319.4s	2319.4	 And they just were never the adults in the room, the stewards of capital, it's infuriating.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2323.0s	2323.0	 I'll tell you an incredible conversation I had yesterday with one of my partners. So he's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2327.1s	2327.1	 with me for 10 years. He was really the one that pushed us very early on to go into deep, deep,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2333.0s	2333.0	 deep tech when nobody else is doing it. 3D printing of rockets, satellites, all that stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2337.3s	2337.3	 And it's been so I really trust and respect his perspective. And he was telling me a story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2343.0s	2343.0	 He called a recruiter, because we've been toying with, helping get some folks to help us manage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2352.0s	2352.0	 some of our early stage deal flow. And he asked her essentially something to the point of like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2357.3s	2357.3	 who are the types of GPS that are getting hired today in early stage? And he said, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2362.2s	2362.2	 this is how we approach our business, right? We have a permanent capital balance sheet, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2366.2s	2366.2	 we do, you know, at most one deal a year per partner. And she said, well, you're never going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2370.4s	2370.4	 to get anybody. Because a mid level executive at one of these high flying startups that then goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2375.2s	2375.2	 and joins a venture firm. She said the consistent single thing that they make their decision on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2382.2s	2382.2	 are you ready for this? Is how many deals will I be allowed to do per year? What?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2389.4s	2389.4	 And so you know, these people are make work construction workers, right? That's dig a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2395.0s	2395.0	 ditch, fill a ditch. That is not what investing is. That's not about having a discerning philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2400.0s	2400.0	 on what a business should be or a market. So if you have a bunch of capital allocators,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2404.7s	2404.7	 Jason, to your point, who are unsophisticated about investing, probably very sophisticated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2409.5s	2409.5	 operationally, but fundamentally don't know what they're doing, and they're coming and transforming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2414.0s	2414.0	 in an organization that should be a disciplined, discerning allocator of capital and turning them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2420.6s	2420.6	 into a velocity deal machine. This is what you're going to get. I mean, sometimes the best money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2425.9s	2425.9	 Sachs is money you put into a bet you've already made continuing to build the pot with a startup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2431.9s	2431.9	 that's already proven themselves, correct? So I think we're gonna see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2434.7s	2434.7	 We will fall on fund. Yeah, I mean, I gotta say the things you guys are saying are making me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2438.5s	2438.5	 feel great about our portfolio. Explain. Not not because we won't get hit with the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2444.6s	2444.6	 valuation corrections that everybody else is going to suffer. But because, you know, a few years ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2449.7s	2449.7	 we decided we were only an investor in kind of company. I mean, high margin,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2454.1s	2454.1	 SaaS and marketplace businesses that were not capital intensive, we defined a new metric that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2459.4s	2459.4	 didn't exist called burn multiple, which is the amount of money you burn for every dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2465.0s	2465.0	 of incremental ARR that you generate incremental subscription revenue. And, you know, we turned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2471.0s	2471.0	 down investments that were growing fast, but they had a horrible burn multiple. And so and I do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2477.0s	2477.0	 think most of our companies raised last year when, you know, they made hey, while the sun shined.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2483.0s	2483.0	 So there's gonna be they need to manage their cash flow. So they don't have to raise too quickly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2489.0s	2489.0	 But as long as they do that, and they keep growing, they're gonna weather the storm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2493.7s	2493.7	 What's the right number? Spend $3 to make one spend $2 to add one, what's what's your ratio?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2498.9s	2498.9	 So what I've said is that if you can spend a dollar or less to generate an incremental dollar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2504.4s	2504.4	 of ARR, you're doing amazing. And between one and two is good. So in other words, if you're burning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2511.0s	2511.0	 20 million in a year to add an incremental 10 million of ARR, you're doing quite well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2515.7s	2515.7	 and start a plan. And then when you start getting into two and a half, three, that's a problem. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2520.8s	2520.8	 then above three is just bad. Spending 30 million to add 10 million in ARR. It means it takes three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2527.4s	2527.4	 years or probably four or five because you'll have turned to get that money back. Yeah. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2531.7s	2531.7	 that's just a lack of discipline. And how many VCs are we on the boards? Or, you know, other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2536.3s	2536.3	 investors? Are we on the board and having that nuanced of a discussion? It's always just top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2540.2s	2540.2	 line, top line, top line. I think it's very difficult because I think the number of qualified
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2545.4s	2545.4	 investors have gone way down as the surface area of investing has gone way up. So again, just going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2551.0s	2551.0	 back to this conversation, this woman is staffing most of these venture firms with their junior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2555.4s	2555.4	 and mid level partners. And again, the qualification to become a venture capitalist at this point is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2560.5s	2560.5	 not that you have an ability to pick or, you know, in David's case have operated and actually run a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2567.0s	2567.0	 business and then actually have developed a methodical framework or Brad's business, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2571.6s	2571.6	 is Brad had to start from literally zero in the public markets and work his way backwards to end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2575.4s	2575.4	 up with 15 or 20 billion of assets. It's none of that. It's are you a VP at an XYZ unicorn that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2581.8s	2581.8	 may also be poorly run? And all of a sudden that, you know, gives you the qualification to go into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2587.0s	2587.0	 a job where, and it's not their fault, where what they are told is what you want is what we're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2594.2s	2594.2	 to give you, which is the ability to write, you know, X number of checks per year. That is insanity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2599.6s	2599.6	 That's not what makes a good investor. And then your ability to then give advice, I don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2604.9s	2604.9	 it's probably zero or less than zero. Your ability to give advice is, I think we have to qualify
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2610.6s	2610.6	 bad advice is being given. So the ability to give quality advice as that was what's missing in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2615.8s	2615.8	 formula. I just think these people are really naive, like, you know, and it's not their fault,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2620.1s	2620.1	 but, you know, they're given way too much rope to hang themselves with and they're and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2625.0s	2625.0	 unfortunate byproduct is going to be the, the companies who gets bad advice or the bad businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2630.5s	2630.5	 that get funded. And that's not what, you know, an efficient capital market should do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2635.9s	2635.9	 So one of the things I'm seeing our portfolio companies do is use burn multiple as a governor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2641.8s	2641.8	 for how fast they're going to grow. So for example, they will say that the burn multiple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2648.0s	2648.0	 should not exceed two in the next quarter. So, you know, we want to, so the old way of doing it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2654.9s	2654.9	 would be that the company would just have a forecast and say, we're going to grow three X's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2658.1s	2658.1	 year. We're going to grow ARR from 10 million to 30 million and whatever that costs, it costs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2663.7s	2663.7	 right? That was basically how companies did it. Now, what I'm seeing from some of our portfolio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2668.5s	2668.5	 companies is they are saying, yeah, our goal is to grow from 10 to 30, but we will not spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2674.9s	2674.9	 so much money that our burn multiple exceeds two. So, you know, if, if it turns out that there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2681.1s	2681.1	 trade-off here between growth and burn, burn is going to win. We're not going to exceed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2686.4s	2686.4	 that level of that ratio of spending. And that's actually a good, I mean, I've,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2691.3s	2691.3	 I've seen a few companies implement that already and it's probably something they should all be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2695.1s	2695.1	 doing. I mean, if these are pilots, they basically created a rule to not stall the plane,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2700.4s	2700.4	 right? You got to keep a certain altitude, a certain speed. So, what is the opportunity here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2705.0s	2705.0	 then? If we're going to have too many companies, too high valuations, if we're going to hang around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2709.7s	2709.7	 the rim and try to get some rebounds here and try to find opportunities, what are the opportunities?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2714.0s	2714.0	 What are the layups here for capital allocators and for founders? If we have great advice for them?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2719.0s	2719.0	 There's nothing. There's never been layups. And the problem is, you know, in up markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2726.1s	2726.1	 whenever we think that there are, it ends up being what causes our downfall later, because we just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2732.6s	2732.6	 take the wrong signal away. I don't think that there are, I don't want to be investing incremental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2738.8s	2738.8	 capital into a late stage startup that's poorly run, that doesn't have their margins in line,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2743.4s	2743.4	 and then having to work it out. Why do that? Again, I can just go in the S&P 500 and get 8%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2748.5s	2748.5	 Yeah, it's not 30%, but it's 8%. And I don't have to deal with all this nonsense. Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2753.5s	2753.5	 a bunch of people that don't necessarily- Well, because you're a crossover investor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2756.2s	2756.2	 right? I mean, you have the ability to choose between public, private, or wherever you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2759.8s	2759.8	 play. I actually think what I am is an investor. Right. You don't have LPs for a VC fund like Sachs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2766.0s	2766.0	 and I do. But this is my point. I think investing, irrespective of whatever stage you do it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2772.4s	2772.4	 still fundamentally comes down to the following, which is, do you have the judgment to understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2777.5s	2777.5	 whether these decisions are marginally good, marginally average or marginally destructive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2782.7s	2782.7	 for the short, medium, and long term of a business? And I just don't think that enough people steep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2788.6s	2788.6	 themselves in the practice that it takes to get good at that kind of a game. And I think what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2795.1s	2795.1	 these moments expose is that the status games that come around investing, because it just seems like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2802.0s	2802.0	 it's easy, it just seems like you don't do much work, that's what ruins these periods. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2807.4s	2807.4	 implications, I think, as Brad said, is really right. It affects the employees, it affects the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2811.7s	2811.7	 entrepreneurs, it affects the startup culture, it affects the incremental desire for people to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2815.8s	2815.8	 a shot at things. You can overcome all of it. We have, and we will again. But I really think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2822.0s	2822.0	 like to the entrepreneur, the message is, if you're taking a term sheet, I think you have to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2827.0s	2827.0	 better judgment to really look at that investor and say, is this person really qualified to help me?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2833.0s	2833.0	 Because in these moments, in the absence of help, you're probably going to basically have a valuation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2838.6s	2838.6	 reset at the minimum case. And the worst case is you go out of business. What's the type of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2843.0s	2843.0	 value set, Shemath, and I'll hand it to you, Brad, is that a lot of the founders picked based on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2848.6s	2848.6	 highest valuation who their next investor should be. And now we see what a trap that is, Brad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2853.2s	2853.2	 You know, the takeaway for me is we return to a place we've always been, which is about selection.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2860.3s	2860.3	 Right. Look at the mean returns for ventures for 20 years. They're lousy. Lousy. Right. 90% of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2869.2s	2869.2	 spoils. They barely map to the public. Five to 10% of the investments. And that's the way it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2876.0s	2876.0	 always been. Look at Buffett, right? By superior companies at good prices. What are the two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2881.4s	2881.4	 technology companies Buffett bought in the public markets? Apple. Apple and Snowflake. Snowflake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2887.5s	2887.5	 Apple and Snowflake. He doesn't own a broad basket of long tail internet or long tail software.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2894.0s	2894.0	 And so I think what you're going to see, and to Sachs's point, I think even running a recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2900.4s	2900.4	 on software as though all ARR is created equal. I mean, I can show you five companies, each with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2905.8s	2905.8	 100 million of ARR, each growing at 30%. And there's massive dispersion in future outcomes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2911.8s	2911.8	 Yeah. Right. And so like, I just think that this at the end of the day is a craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2917.3s	2917.3	 business. It's an essentialist business. It's about finding and identifying those very, very,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2923.0s	2923.0	 very few companies that ever durably are worth more than $10 billion. You know, on my screen today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2929.2s	2929.2	 Chamath was just talking. There are four internet companies that are green today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2934.1s	2934.1	 Amazon, Google, Apple, and Facebook. Everything else on my screen is bleeding. Must own. Must own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2940.6s	2940.6	 versus. Nah. Everything else is red. And my growth internet stocks are down 400 basis points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2948.1s	2948.1	 Right. The market is voting with its wallet where it wants to sit on the risk curve.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2953.0s	2953.0	 Right. And I think we're just going to go, there's no new normal here. This is just back to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2957.0s	2957.0	 future. Right. This is what we've always done. And, you know, the reset is always painful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2961.8s	2961.8	 The only surprising thing is how often we have to go through it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2965.3s	2965.3	 If opportunities do arise, where will they, where will they be bred? I mean, I was watching Peloton.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2969.8s	2969.8	 I always loved that company. I see the change in management. I see the management,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2973.7s	2973.7	 you know, thinking about profitability, thinking about creating it into a marketplace, maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2978.2s	2978.2	 having more hardware available, disconnecting from the software, et cetera. Do you think there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2984.1s	2984.1	 opportunities there or there will be opportunities over the next year to buy some of the names that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2988.5s	2988.5	 aren't the fangs? What we do in the first instance, Jason, and listen, we outperformed last year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=2997.2s	2997.2	 because we owned quality and we were short, lower quality stuff. Unfortunately, this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3003.4s	3003.4	 the market said, guess what? It's all overvalued quality, low quality, doesn't matter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3008.6s	3008.6	 We're taking it all lower. And so for us in moments like this, and I've lived probably through five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3014.5s	3014.5	 of them in the public markets, we always do the same thing. Degross, take risk down. First thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3021.8s	3021.8	 is like have less chits on the board. Number two, reduce the number of outliers, pull in the risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3029.8s	3029.8	 curve. Right? For me, I want to own five or six things because remember I'm the biggest LP in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3035.2s	3035.2	 fund. This is my money. I want to sleep well at night and I want to protect the foundations,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3041.5s	3041.5	 the endowments, the good causes we represent. I can't do that with a company that has an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3046.5s	3046.5	 unproven business model. I may think that it's going to be great in the future, but I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3051.0s	3051.0	 So the problem with for the pelotons of the world, right? They may be incredible returners,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3057.8s	3057.8	 but what every portfolio manager on the planet is doing today is compressing the number of names
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3063.8s	3063.8	 in their portfolio, saying what are the companies I know with absolute certainty, whether rates are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3069.4s	3069.4	 two and a half, three and a half, four and a half, five and a half is going to be worth more over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3073.2s	3073.2	 the course of the next two to three years. That's what I want to own. Right. And so to me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3077.8s	3077.8	 what I was just going to say, I don't know about Brad, but Jason, what you're talking about is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3082.1s	3082.1	 a lot of people do. You see a lot on Twitter and I call it clapping as a strategy. What about this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3089.1s	3089.1	 And what about that? And what about if they do this? And what about clapping is not a strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3093.9s	3093.9	 Clapping is something people do at the blackjack table. It turns out it doesn't actually influence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3098.3s	3098.3	 the cards. Sure. And so I think you have to stop with the clapping as a strategy because it doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3104.1s	3104.1	 work. That's not my strategy. I was asking that as the moderator. Is there a sub-operative?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3108.2s	3108.2	 I'm just saying, no, no, I think- Just to be clear, I'm not advising that as a strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3110.8s	3110.8	 No, no, I'm saying I think you're representing a psychological reaction that a lot of people have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3115.1s	3115.1	 And I think what Brad is trying to tell you is clapping is not a strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3117.8s	3117.8	 Yeah, no, I'm asking that on behalf of the audience. It is not my belief, just to be clear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3121.6s	3121.6	 Right. So my commentary to the audience is clapping is not a strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3124.6s	3124.6	 Yes. Correct. Yes. If enough people though, do what you're saying, Brad,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3129.8s	3129.8	 and they just retreat to quality. At some point, those quality companies would then become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3135.3s	3135.3	 fully valued, maybe even overvalued, and thus the cycle begins again or not?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3139.4s	3139.4	 And how long does that take? No, you nailed it. What happened last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3143.6s	3143.6	 2021, dispersion collapsed. Go check out Jam and Ball, who does incredible software analysis on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3150.2s	3150.2	 our team. Dispersion collapsed between the best cohort and the worst cohort of software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3155.3s	3155.3	 companies last year. The first thing that happened is dispersion returns. We pay a higher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3160.7s	3160.7	 price for the best shit and we pay a lower price for the low quality stuff. Right. Then when we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3167.2s	3167.2	 start to recover, when there's more predictability in the world, when we resolve the war, when we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3172.2s	3172.2	 understand the path of inflation, right, the stuff close in on the risk curve, that'll start being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3178.0s	3178.0	 fully valued. So then we will be brave enough to walk a little further out on the ice on the lake,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3184.2s	3184.2	 testing it. Is it safe to walk here? And then you walk out a little further. And sadly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3190.3s	3190.3	 eventually we're in the exact same pattern we've been before, which is we'll know we're at a market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3195.7s	3195.7	 top five or six or seven years from now. When we repeat the same asinine behavior that we just went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3201.5s	3201.5	 through, when everybody becomes complacent again and overbidding this stuff way out on the risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3206.3s	3206.3	 curve. I'm just suggesting to you the number one question I get from GPs, venture capitalists,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3211.4s	3211.4	 and others right now is when are we going to bounce back? Let me be absolutely clear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3215.8s	3215.8	 There is no bouncing back to where we were the last 18 months. That was the outlier. That was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3221.4s	3221.4	 the make believe. What I hope and expect is that we can bounce back to the five year average,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3227.8s	3227.8	 but even to durably trade at the five year average, we have to have a lot more clarity on the war in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3233.6s	3233.6	 Ukraine on inflation and rates. So that's a perfect place to pivot, Sacks. We are now here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3239.7s	3239.7	 and I think this is the fourth or fifth episode where we've been discussing the war and we flipped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3244.1s	3244.1	 it today just to do markets first for a little change of pace. And since we had Brad here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3248.9s	3248.9	 where are we at with the war? And what are your, what is your expectation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3253.5s	3253.5	 of it wrapping up or it escalating? Well, actually, there's a tweet storm this morning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3258.2s	3258.2	 that Chamath, you sent to the group that from a Russian official, and it seemed to indicate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3265.6s	3265.6	 well, it indicated what we've kind of known for a few weeks now, which is what the broad contours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3270.3s	3270.3	 of what a peace deal would look like, which is there's three main pieces. Neutrality for Ukraine,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3277.0s	3277.0	 the Russians insist that it not be part of NATO. They get to keep Crimea, which they annexed in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3282.2s	3282.2	 2014. That's been a fait accompli. And then some version of independence for these sort of break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3289.0s	3289.0	 away territories in Eastern Ukraine, in the Donbass region. Everyone kind of knows that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3295.8s	3295.8	 the broad strokes of the deal. Then there's a lot of details are going to matter a lot to the people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3301.2s	3301.2	 who live there. Like, is there this land bridge from Crimea to Donbass, but frankly, don't matter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3306.4s	3306.4	 as much to all of us, the United States of America. So the question is, what is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3311.1s	3311.1	 administration going to do about it? Biden just went to Europe. And my concern is that no one in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3318.3s	3318.3	 Washington, and I talked about this last week seems to be pushing for a ceasefire. It seems like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3324.2s	3324.2	 their preferred position is for Russia to bleed out as long as possible in Ukraine for the US to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3331.8s	3331.8	 fund an insurgency, Allah Afghanistan, where you know, these fighters in Eastern Ukraine are sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3338.8s	3338.8	 of like the Mujahideen. Is that the right word? Well, sure. Because, you know, if they're defining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3343.9s	3343.9	 their own land. And so we're the Mujahideen. I mean, I know, but why would you call it an insurgency?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3349.8s	3349.8	 Well, because if the government of Ukraine falls, then it becomes an insurgency. So the point is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3355.4s	3355.4	 that the administration, the question is, what's the administration's endgame here? Do they want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3360.5s	3360.5	 to lead the world to a ceasefire? Or do they want to protract the conflict to impose on the Russian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3366.3s	3366.3	 state? A Afghan style, you know, debilitating defeat to destabilize the Russian regime.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3374.4s	3374.4	 Neil Ferguson had a column this week in it's his Bloomberg column from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3379.3s	3379.3	 Brookings Institute at Stanford. No, he's from he's from Hoover. Hoover rather. Sorry. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3383.3s	3383.3	 So I'll read I'll read this point. Can you just explain to people what the Hoover Institute is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3388.2s	3388.2	 and how that leans? Hoover and Sushma War and Peace, I would say it sort of leans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3393.0s	3393.0	 into Ukraine's idealistic and foreign policy. I would describe Neil as sort of the most realistic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3399.1s	3399.1	 idealist. Got it. So but he's quite well sourced, I think, with, you know, and with, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3407.0s	3407.0	 various people in Washington and Europe. And what he wrote is, the US intends to keep this war going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3413.7s	3413.7	 The administration will continue to supply the Ukrainians with anti aircraft stingers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3418.5s	3418.5	 anti tank javelins, explosive switchblade drones, it will keep trying to persuade other NATO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3424.2s	3424.2	 governments supply heavier defensive weaponry, and so on. He says Washington will revert to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3429.9s	3429.9	 Afghanistan after 1979 playbook of supplying an insurgency only if the Ukrainian government loses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3436.2s	3436.2	 the conventional war. So the concern here is that the US government has an incentive actually that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3444.5s	3444.5	 they don't want a quick end to this war is basically the theory is they want the Russian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3448.8s	3448.8	 state to bleed out and be destabilized. In a way, it's the one chance we have for like regime change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3455.0s	3455.0	 there without us actually starting a war is that they have this self inflicted wound. That is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3458.8s	3458.8	 theory. Yeah. And I think a lot of people are saying that that is what a lot of people want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3463.3s	3463.3	 in Washington. I don't you know, this is not like conspiracy theory. People are saying this is our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3467.4s	3467.4	 chance to topple the Russian state to destabilize it. There was a rand corporation survey.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3474.6s	3474.6	 Hold on. There's a rand corporation studied on a few years ago that was commissioned by somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3478.6s	3478.6	 probably in our State Department, or someone like that, where they talked about this that if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3483.0s	3483.0	 want to destabilize the Russian regime, Ukraine is the way to do it. Right. They would fall for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3488.0s	3488.0	 it, right? They would actually fight that fight that is an unwinnable fight. We would basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3492.1s	3492.1	 be putting an F we'd be supporting an Afghanistan like path for them to go down like we did. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3497.5s	3497.5	 they previously to that. Right. And the problem the problem that I see is just this, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3502.2s	3502.2	 we've discussed on on this program, the downsides of this war. First, it's a humanitarian disaster.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3507.8s	3507.8	 Second, we've talked about the risk of recession later in the year. Third,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3512.1s	3512.1	 Freeberg talked about famine, the risk of famine later this year, if the spring planning doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3516.8s	3516.8	 happen. And then fourth, we have this always we have this risk that the war spins out of control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3522.6s	3522.6	 and goes nuclear, right and leads into war three. Those are some vital American interest to avoid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3528.1s	3528.1	 all of those scenarios. I don't see an equivalent vital American interest in determining the exact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3533.9s	3533.9	 nuances of who rules the Donbass. In other words, the broad strokes of this agreement are there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3539.8s	3539.8	 You know, what the US should be doing is leading, they should be pushing for lead, not bleed lead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3545.1s	3545.1	 the way to ceasefire, not to inflict maximum damage on the Russian regime, which we don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3550.8s	3550.8	 exactly what their intent is, because they're doing this behind closed doors. Brad, what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3554.6s	3554.6	 your take on this? I think there are David and I talked about this at dinner the other night,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3557.9s	3557.9	 I think there's something bigger playing out here. I mean, clearly, he's the expert on real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3561.4s	3561.4	 politics. And, you know, but it seems to me, that we have had decades of military diplomacy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3571.4s	3571.4	 right. And most recently, the pal doctrine of overwhelming force, we don't want to make the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3575.9s	3575.9	 same mistake we made in Vietnam. So like, we're going to go in with full force. And, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3581.9s	3581.9	 basically, the public doesn't support, you know, military adventurism anymore. Right. And so now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3587.7s	3587.7	 we have maybe we'll call it the Blinken doctrine, which is the pal doctrine equivalent, but for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3592.7s	3592.7	 economic force. It's the nuclear economic weapon that is on full display by the West right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3600.0s	3600.0	 that I think has really significant implications. Right. It's reunited the West. And I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3607.1s	3607.1	 this is just about Putin. And I think the reason that the US and Western Europe is slow playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3613.2s	3613.2	 this a bit is they're sending a message to the Chinese as well, which is that we are unified,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3619.8s	3619.8	 and we will use an economic weapon of mass destruction. If right, you don't play by global
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3627.4s	3627.4	 norms. And so the box I think we're in from a negotiating perspective, right, in Ukraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3633.5s	3633.5	 right now is not a box around neutrality. I mean, neutrality is already clear. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3638.2s	3638.2	 we had Zelensky didn't even ask for a no fly zone. He's not even asking for NATO membership.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3643.1s	3643.1	 They've already ceded neutrality. I think the real question is sanctions. I don't think the West
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3648.8s	3648.8	 wants to roll back sanctions. And I think Putin's saying I can't hightail it out of here, unless you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3654.1s	3654.1	 roll back all the sanctions and give me a little bit of the Donbass. And so watch the next week or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3659.1s	3659.1	 two, like in any good negotiation. Unfortunately, I think both sides are going to amp up their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3664.9s	3664.9	 current strategies. We may see missiles coming out of Russia, and we may see European, complete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3671.3s	3671.3	 European embargo of Russian oil, three million barrels a day. Those will be the final straws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3677.8s	3677.8	 right before we enter negotiations, because then they can see the last things that they took
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3682.7s	3682.7	 as part of the negotiation. But this I think is going to be all about economic sanctions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3688.6s	3688.6	 And I think the West is playing a really strong game. What I worry about, and Sax has talked about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3695.7s	3695.7	 this at length, is that we overreach, we overplay our hand here in an effort to send a signal to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3702.8s	3702.8	 other parties around the world. Right. And that has fat tail risk associated with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3708.5s	3708.5	 You're referencing China and Taiwan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3711.0s	3711.0	 Let me ask a question. How many of us woke up at the beginning of this year, or in making our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3716.2s	3716.2	 New Year's resolutions and said that we need to risk recession, famine and war in order to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3725.3s	3725.3	 destabilize and topple the Russian regime? When did this become a vital American interest? No one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3731.2s	3731.2	 at the beginning of the year thought this was an important goal of America. What's more important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3736.3s	3736.3	 is basically getting our economy back on track, getting back on track after this long,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3740.2s	3740.2	 David.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3740.5s	3740.5	 After this long, this plague we've had. I mean, nobody needed this problem. And what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3747.1s	3747.1	 administration should have done was use diplomacy and all the resources to try and prevent the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3752.6s	3752.6	 conflict. And now the conflict has occurred, we should be pushing for a negotiated peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3757.4s	3757.4	 and ceasefire. We do not have a vital national interest in the details of who rules the Donbass.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3764.2s	3764.2	 Yeah. The problem with your setting up of that question is that we did not start the war. Putin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3769.5s	3769.5	 did. Shamath, you've been silent so far. What are your thoughts on this war that Putin started?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3774.5s	3774.5	 We started the war.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3775.4s	3775.4	 Well, you're saying did we wake up and say that we should do this? We did not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3778.7s	3778.7	 Listen, you and a lot of other people in the media woke up on February 24th and you think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3783.4s	3783.4	 Putin went mad and there's no prehistory to this conflict. Now here's the deal. Hold on a second.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3788.5s	3788.5	 This is a war of Russian aggression. It's true that Putin started it. He's the invader. However,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3794.4s	3794.4	 there were things we could have done to prevent or to avoid this war. And American diplomacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3800.6s	3800.6	 completely failed. And we even discussed it the month before this war started. We talked about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3805.9s	3805.9	 how the US could have given a written guarantee to Russia that Ukraine would not be part of NATO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3812.0s	3812.0	 Just this week, Zelensky, in an interview with Fried Zakaria, admitted he was told by Blinken,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3817.2s	3817.2	 you will not be part of NATO, but we don't want to admit that publicly. What games were they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3821.4s	3821.4	 playing? What is the point of playing that kind of game with the grave issue of war and peace?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3826.1s	3826.1	 Why didn't Blinken say publicly what he said to Zelensky? This administration did not do everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3832.2s	3832.2	 it could do to prevent war. And now we are faced with all of these existential risks. Why? For what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3838.4s	3838.4	 reason? The reason is that it gave the United States an opportunity to topple Russia. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3844.9s	3844.9	 exactly. Who of us thought we needed that at the beginning of this year? Well, I think that, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3850.4s	3850.4	 know, the thing to keep in mind, and again, I'm not saying that this is right, but I'm just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3855.3s	3855.3	 game theorizing that these are like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3861.6s	3861.6	 grudges that these guys have held for a very long time. And I think it started when they were in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3866.4s	3866.4	 Obama White House and it carried over to now. And I think they saw an opportunity to basically execute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3873.2s	3873.2	 a strategy that essentially now I think we're moving into the second phase of this war, which
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3878.3s	3878.3	 is effectively trying to bait Russia into doing something really egregiously bad. And that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3883.8s	3883.8	 terrible, David, to your point, I think we're willing to, you know, sacrifice a lot. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3888.6s	3888.6	 we've decided that implicitly by based on the actions of the American government.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3895.0s	3895.0	 And it's weird, it's like we're trying to get Russia to react. And so the rhetoric, in fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3901.7s	3901.7	 the rhetoric since that, do you guys remember, I think it was only 10 days ago that both Russia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3906.6s	3906.6	 and Ukraine said the surface area of a deal is pretty much in sight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3912.9s	3912.9	 Oh, Friedberg from the top rope coming in. Look at you, Friedberg. I mean, like you look like an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3917.8s	3917.8	 everyman. I mean, I'm so proud of you. Are you actually driving your own car?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3922.2s	3922.2	 Gas gobbling car SUV in the mountains.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3925.4s	3925.4	 You should be in that tank. Is that Putin's gas? I only use ethanol I make in vats in my backyard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3934.3s	3934.3	 I went out of my way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3935.2s	3935.2	 I only use solar panels that are handcrafted in my backyard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3938.0s	3938.0	 I went out of my way to find a Luke oil gas station filled up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3942.2s	3942.2	 What I was saying, guys, was that, you know, from the 10 days from when,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3945.7s	3945.7	 you know, both sides, Russia and Ukraine were like, Hey, you know, we think we're basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3949.6s	3949.6	 there, we have a deal. The rhetoric has gotten really insane. You know, yesterday, I think it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3954.6s	3954.6	 was like, the United States said, you know, we think that Russia should be kicked out of the G 20.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3959.8s	3959.8	 Then Russia responded and said, I'm only going to sell that gas and settle it in rubles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3965.0s	3965.0	 You know, all of a sudden, other actors, China and Saudi Arabia are in the game. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3970.6s	3970.6	 you know, China and Saudi Arabia are negotiating settling a huge oil trade in yuan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3975.5s	3975.5	 Why in the last 10 days of all these things happen when we were so close to getting something done?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3980.1s	3980.1	 I think the best explanation is that we are willing to, I guess we've decided I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3987.8s	3987.8	 none of us have decided but American government decided that some amount of sacrifices okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3992.7s	3992.7	 If it could trigger a Russian escalation, which could then further destabilize that country. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=3997.3s	3997.3	 I think they believe that that's more important than anything else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4001.1s	4001.1	 I think we, you know, from where I said, I think we can take Putin as word that he actually cares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4005.2s	4005.2	 about reunification. And that's not to say he's crazy, David. And I don't think we can control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4009.6s	4009.6	 his behavior. I think you're using reunification. Jason, and also just today, the Russian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4017.2s	4017.2	 military, the tweet that I sent you guys was from the Russian military. And that was an official
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4021.0s	4021.0	 statement. And I don't think he they would be allowed without Putin's explicit sign off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4026.0s	4026.0	 They no longer talked about denazificating Ukraine or demilitarizing Ukraine. They simply focused it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4033.2s	4033.2	 on the Donbass. And to use your Sun Tzu argument, it's almost like they're trying to construct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4039.2s	4039.2	 their own golden bridge to exit in a way where they can claim victory to the Russian people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4044.1s	4044.1	 to explain the tens of thousands of you know, Russian military people that have been killed in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4048.7s	4048.7	 this whole conflict, right? Because they have an explanation that they have to give.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4052.1s	4052.1	 But in all of this, I think that we're we're probably exposing a very high risk game of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4058.2s	4058.2	 poker that we're playing, which is it seems that the US government is focused more on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4062.6s	4062.6	 destabilization of of Russia than they are and getting this conflict behind us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4066.6s	4066.6	 I mean, he did he did say in his speech, since time immemorial, the people living in the southwest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4071.3s	4071.3	 of what has historically been Russian land have called themselves Russians and Orthodox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4074.9s	4074.9	 Christians. That's Donbass. Yeah, I know. But he is there's been a civil war going on since 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4080.6s	4080.6	 in this Donbass region between Ukrainians and these sort of these Russian speakers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4085.5s	4085.5	 And now that civil wars as this is a Balkan style civil war that is now escalated with, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4091.9s	4091.9	 Ukraine and Russia getting in and now the whole West potentially could get in. This is a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4097.0s	4097.0	 dangerous situation. We should not let spin out of control. I'm agreeing with that. You guys asked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4100.6s	4100.6	 me Did he ever talk about reunification? He did. He did in his speech. That was not that was not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4104.6s	4104.6	 one of his stated war objectives. Now you could keep accusing him of being a liar. But look what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4108.9s	4108.9	 his objective is just taking about his word that he believes these areas are Russian and they should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4113.0s	4113.0	 be considered the Donbass area where they are predominantly Russian speakers. Look, I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4120.2s	4120.2	 taking a side in who should rule the Donbass. Okay, yeah, I think it's a complicated, ethnic strife
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4126.1s	4126.1	 sort of issue like we saw in the Balkans all the time between the Russians who live there and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4130.8s	4130.8	 Ukrainians who live there. What I do know is it's not worth risking war three over an agreement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4136.0s	4136.0	 I'm sure 100% agreement 100% agreement. Sax, let me can I ask you a question? So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4144.6s	4144.6	 how is Putin going to withdraw without 100% lifting of the sanctions? And how is the West
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4151.4s	4151.4	 possibly going to trust him to withdraw? Right? Well, while taking all the sanctions off, that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4158.3s	4158.3	 seems to me like when I try to construct the Golden Bridge in my mind, it comes down to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4165.1s	4165.1	 you know, like, how do we how do we whack up the sanctions? Do we take some of them off,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4170.2s	4170.2	 say prove to us be out for x period of time, and then we'll roll the other ones off? Because these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4174.6s	4174.6	 sanctions are not going to be rolled back in the next three months based on some ceasefire.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4179.4s	4179.4	 I agree with that. I don't know that Putin can expect the sanctions to be lifted or that he can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4186.2s	4186.2	 effectively negotiate for that. I think, again, where I think the the peace deal is, is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4192.6s	4192.6	 we've known all along what it's going to be Ukraine will agree to neutrality in exchange for some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4198.1s	4198.1	 security guarantees from the West. Russia will get to keep Crimea because that's been a fait accompli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4205.4s	4205.4	 since the annexation 2014. And there will be some sort of regional autonomy for these sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4213.3s	4213.3	 Russian speaking areas in the Donbass, which by the way, we could have had that too, there was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4218.6s	4218.6	 deal called Minsk to since 2015, that simply hasn't been implemented. So, you know, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4225.2s	4225.2	 those are the broad strokes of the deal. And then there's questions about, well, is there a land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4229.1s	4229.1	 bridge from Crimea to the Donbass? And, you know, what weapons exactly does Ukraine get to get from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4235.6s	4235.6	 the United States or get to keep? I mean, so look, those details matter a lot to the people who live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4240.2s	4240.2	 there. But the broad strokes of this, I think are pretty well understood. I'm not betting this way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4244.6s	4244.6	 with with our book. But if I had to guess, we are going to have a period of significant escalation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4252.2s	4252.2	 on both sides, before they both get to the table. Macron said this week that we still have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4258.4s	4258.4	 Europeans have not made a decision about the embargo of Russian oil that will collapse the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4264.0s	4264.0	 Russian economy, and oil will go to 180 or $200 a barrel. I think that's a real likelihood. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4270.8s	4270.8	 the second one is I think the Russians will amp up military aggression in some face saving measure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4277.4s	4277.4	 and to have more to negotiate with. So maybe to answer my own question is if there is an oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4283.5s	4283.5	 embargo, then you take the oil embargo off, right as part of the economic sanction whacking up of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4289.4s	4289.4	 the sanctions. Because that's really the nuclear option against the Russians economically.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4297.4s	4297.4	 But it's a you know, unfortunately, I think we have to be prepared for this to get worse before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4303.0s	4303.0	 it gets better. Because it makes sense from just a game theory for both sides to grab as much as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4308.6s	4308.6	 they can right before they sit down at the table. So they have more shit to give to each other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4313.8s	4313.8	 Right. But the problem is if both sides keep as I agree with that fundamental analysis is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4318.6s	4318.6	 neither Putin nor Zelensky can be trusted on their own to basically make peace because they want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4324.4s	4324.4	 push their advantage. If either one believes that they're winning on the battlefield, they're going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4327.8s	4327.8	 to push their advantage to grab as much they can to then negotiate from position of greater strength.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4332.8s	4332.8	 The problem is that they're in an escalatory spiral where if you know, one or both of them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4337.1s	4337.1	 miscalculate, we never get that deal. And I think the longer the war drags on, the harder it is to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4342.1s	4342.1	 make a deal not easier. One of the I'd say one of the disturbing things that came out over the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4348.3s	4348.3	 past week was in that interview that I mentioned, where three Zikaria interviewed Zelensky,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4354.4s	4354.4	 Zelensky said, he said that it's either we're either going to get a peace deal or World War Three.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4360.6s	4360.6	 And I'm listening to this thinking, wait a second, you know, that that is a pretty scary posture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4368.3s	4368.3	 for him to be taking. And furthermore, who appointed him leader of the free world, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4373.8s	4373.8	 the decision to have war three is not his decision. He is not the president United States,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4379.8s	4379.8	 we did not vote for him. We may think he's heroic. We may think he deserves our support,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4386.0s	4386.0	 but he does not get to turn this into war three for us. The American people did not choose that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4392.6s	4392.6	 And this is where I go back to Biden and the administration and their leadership. What are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4396.1s	4396.1	 they pushing for? Are they pushing for a protracted, never ending Afghan style war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4401.8s	4401.8	 in Ukraine? Or are they going to lead the situation to some sort of negotiation or ceasefire?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4407.8s	4407.8	 And I just think if we're considering the interest of the United States, we would not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4412.2s	4412.2	 let this decision purely be Zelensky's. This guy's willing to entertain war three that can't be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4417.5s	4417.5	 acceptable to us. But what what what is his worst alternative? I mean, like he's losing his country.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4422.7s	4422.7	 So of course, he wants to say the thing that would scare us into action potentially, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4428.5s	4428.5	 So he has nothing to lose. So that's what we can't let him decide for us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4435.6s	4435.6	 He's using rhetoric to get us to talk about it, which he just won. Like you can see that what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4440.5s	4440.5	 he's saying is working. Yeah, because you're talking about it. So I think the I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4445.6s	4445.6	 bigger question in all of this is, when is the United States willing to draw a really hard line?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4452.1s	4452.1	 So there was a another thing that happened, which is that, you know, Biden essentially said, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4456.6s	4456.6	 you know, if they use chemical weapons, we will react sort of in kind, right? There was some some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4462.2s	4462.2	 version of that. It's a red line, basically, he said, yes. And, and then he also said, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4466.2s	4466.2	 depending on, you know, how they use nuclear weapons, we could theoretically respond. So just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4472.9s	4472.9	 the rhetoric is ratcheting way, way up. And that is surprising to me, because I would have thought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4479.4s	4479.4	 we had a deal in sight, just get it done. Be pregnant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4482.5s	4482.5	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4482.5s	4482.5	 You're assuming, David, you're assuming that we have the influence, you assume, David, that we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4488.8s	4488.8	 the influence to actually cut a deal. You were saying yourself for the last couple of months,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4493.0s	4493.0	 that the US power has waned and that we don't have influence. So which is it? I think you're just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4498.0s	4498.0	 blaming Biden.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4498.6s	4498.6	 I believe we have the influence to to get facilitated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4501.3s	4501.3	 You were saying last couple of weeks that we lost our influence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4504.2s	4504.2	 We lost our influence.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4505.4s	4505.4	 Listen, let me give you an example. We are giving Zelensky and the Ukrainians all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4510.0s	4510.0	 incredible weapons. What are the conditions on that? If Zelensky is unwilling to make a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4515.7s	4515.7	 reasonable peace deal? Do we do we have any conditions and are giving him these weapons?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4521.2s	4521.2	 Why wouldn't we insist Zelensky, listen, we support you. We basically are against this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4526.1s	4526.1	 Russian aggression. You should have the right to defend your homeland and drive them out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4530.5s	4530.5	 But we also want you to take a reasonable peace deal if one is available. And we need you to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4535.0s	4535.0	 specify what that is. You're assuming are we exercising that kind of discretion? I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4539.4s	4539.4	 so. I think you're assuming that Biden is blocking this when in fact, it might be that Putin is and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4545.0s	4545.0	 I believe you're taking Putin's sort of position here over our own presidents. I think you need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4550.3s	4550.3	 know for a second that we don't want to have this continue or escalate. You actually think there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4554.7s	4554.7	 a world in which Biden wants to see this escalate. I don't think that that's the case. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4559.0s	4559.0	 we don't have influence. We don't have the influence today that we did. It is no longer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4564.9s	4564.9	 Neil Ferguson's days, you know, gets to dictate to the world what's going on here. We no longer have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4569.7s	4569.7	 that. This is not about Israel. Putin wants to talk to Macron in France, not us. Because we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4574.8s	4574.8	 not seen as an honest broker. But but look, we don't have the influence we once had. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4579.7s	4579.7	 let me explain. I'm not saying we can dictate the outcome. Okay, but we can push for a negotiated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4585.7s	4585.7	 settlement instead of a protracted. We can lead, not bleed. Okay. Chamath laid it out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4591.2s	4591.2	 Neil Ferguson laid it out, the RAND Corporation laid it out. There is a significant chance that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4597.3s	4597.3	 there are definitely actors in the State Department who want to see an Afghan style situation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4603.4s	4603.4	 insurgency play out in Eastern Europe. That's their goal. Okay. Now, I don't know what Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4608.9s	4608.9	 is thinking, but he has made no statement to the contrary. What have we done to help lead the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4614.1s	4614.1	 situation to a negotiated settlement? Name one thing. Well, I don't think we're in the room,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4619.4s	4619.4	 David. But Biden is in Europe, right? I read all their public statements. I don't see anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4625.3s	4625.3	 I don't think they want to negotiate through the press with Putin. I don't think they want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4629.1s	4629.1	 negotiate at all. I think that says enough about what his intent is. He's in Poland, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4635.2s	4635.2	 He's going to Poland. He's in Poland where we're scaling up our military presence. Listen, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4639.7s	4639.7	 I don't all I'm saying is, look, I don't know exactly what Biden is saying or doing behind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4643.9s	4643.9	 closed doors. What I'm saying is that the US should be playing a constructive role to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4649.0s	4649.0	 to a negotiated ceasefire, not indulging this sort of fantastical thinking that we can basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4655.5s	4655.5	 perpetrate a regime change operation in Russia. I agree with you on that. I agree with you on that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4659.8s	4659.8	 I, I'm worried that there may be a small strain of that probability in the range of outcomes here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4666.4s	4666.4	 And I didn't think that before I really thought that, okay, maybe we were a little bit on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4670.4s	4670.4	 outside looking in, but it looks like, you know, we're pretty close to a deal, these guys will get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4675.0s	4675.0	 in a room, they'll, you know, chop it up, and it'll be done. And instead, honestly, if you just look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4682.0s	4682.0	 at the headlines and the rhetoric and the words from all these three leaders in the last 10 days,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4687.2s	4687.2	 it's been, it's been in the other direction. And so you have to wonder what is the point of all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4691.5s	4691.5	 this right now? Other than-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4692.6s	4692.6	 It can be crescendoing, like Brad said. It can be the crescendo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4697.2s	4697.2	 I listened to Blinken over the weekend, and he talked about what, I think he defined what is this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4702.6s	4702.6	 new doctrine of economic statecraft. He said, our objective is we have the power to impose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4708.4s	4708.4	 overwhelming costs on our target, okay, economic costs. And he said, our cause, Putin's actions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4715.7s	4715.7	 are remembered as a strategic failure, not regime change. That's what's within our control.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4722.2s	4722.2	 That is very different. Bush wanted regime change in Iraq, and we executed it through the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4730.4s	4730.4	 pal doctrine of overwhelming military force. I think that this is a doctrine of overwhelming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4735.9s	4735.9	 economic force that is meant to not only signal to the Russians, but every other rogue dictator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4741.2s	4741.2	 in the world. If you go rolling into your neighbor uninvited, you can count on the fact that there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4746.9s	4746.9	 going to be massive economic sanctions because our military deterrence is no longer a deterrent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4753.3s	4753.3	 Everybody knows we're not going to go defend Taiwan. Everybody knows we're not going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4757.4s	4757.4	 send our military to Ukraine. So we have to demonstrate that we actually have economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4763.0s	4763.0	 resolve, not these poo poo sanctions we've been having around the world for the last 20 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4767.9s	4767.9	 And if that is the lasting impact on this-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4770.4s	4770.4	 I think you're right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4772.2s	4772.2	 That we turn this into an economic nuclear weapon. That's a lot better than sending our kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4779.6s	4779.6	 around the world to get killed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4781.3s	4781.3	 I think you're absolutely right. And I think Tony is very smart to say what he said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4787.0s	4787.0	 The one thing that I would want though, on top of that, tell me if you agree,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4791.1s	4791.1	 is just to ratchet down our rhetoric, which we can control.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4794.3s	4794.3	 And maybe to, I mean, why not say that, listen, we're willing to put these sanctions on the table.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4800.7s	4800.7	 We're willing to basically reinstitute economic ties with Russia if we can get to a satisfactory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4806.7s	4806.7	 outcome. Well, you don't want to reward them, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4808.2s	4808.2	 I mean, is it really such a horrible idea?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4809.1s	4809.1	 David, the one thing I would say is we're making a big assumption to say that there's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4812.7s	4812.7	 backchannel diplomacy going on from the Israelis, the Turks, the French,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4818.0s	4818.0	 having those conversations on our behalf. Right? Like I don't, I honestly, I don't know that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4824.2s	4824.2	 a high probability that we're not sending those signals, but to your point, I just don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4829.0s	4829.0	 I don't know. I don't know either, but here's what I would say is, look, I can only judge from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4835.0s	4835.0	 public statements. And I think there is signal in these public statements. And the statements are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4839.9s	4839.9	 all one way. There is no olive branch. It's all basically about escalation. Just like in January,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4848.4s	4848.4	 before the war, what were the State Department's statements about the situation? They said that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4853.5s	4853.5	 NATO's door is open and will remain open, even though they told Zelensky in private that he would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4858.3s	4858.3	 not be joining NATO. Okay. That was an astounding revelation that came out this week on the Fried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4864.3s	4864.3	 Zakaria show. Number two, Blinken was saying that there was no change in the American position and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4870.0s	4870.0	 there would be no change. They said, these are all public statements, that the US would never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4874.9s	4874.9	 recognize the Russian annexation of Crimea, never. You know, he said that we went into these peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4881.4s	4881.4	 talks to represent our core values. There's no change of that. So in other words, it's been the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4885.2s	4885.2	 position of the United States to be hardline with Russia to basically engage in no compromise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4890.9s	4890.9	 whatsoever. And it's basically to double down. It's a double down. You assume, David, you don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4896.6s	4896.6	 Those are the public statements. I know, but you're assuming that there's no back channels going on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4899.9s	4899.9	 And just to wrap this up, I wanted to make one quick point, Shamath, which was, you know, what if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4905.0s	4905.0	 we offer to take the sanctions off and then we are training Putin that these kinds of misadventures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4911.3s	4911.3	 get him something, Don Bass, etc. And that the sanctions roll off. So isn't there a possibility,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4917.3s	4917.3	 Shamath, that if we don't keep the sanctions up, we're actually rewarding his behavior?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4922.2s	4922.2	 I'm a huge guy. Look, I've been the first person in the front of the line on sanctions. I thought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4926.5s	4926.5	 this was the most brilliant approach to this whole thing. And I still believe that sanctions work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4933.4s	4933.4	 And I think that this will cripple that country. What I'm saying, though, is that there are these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4938.2s	4938.2	 moments where instead of then sticking to the rhetoric that Tony talked about, what he said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4943.5s	4943.5	 I don't know, Brad, where Tony said this this weekend, but like sticking to that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4947.5s	4947.5	 there are these added flourishes that I think are unnecessary. So what I mean by that is the talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4952.2s	4952.2	 about, you know, us reacting or retaliating for the use of chemical weapons. Biden made a campaign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4959.0s	4959.0	 vow. I don't know if you guys remember this about nuclear weapons, where, you know, he was very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4963.0s	4963.0	 clear that, you know, it is a mechanism to demonstrate that this deterrence exists.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4968.8s	4968.8	 And instead, he actually caved. And instead, he put out this carefully worded statement,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4974.3s	4974.3	 which kind of walked back the campaign vow earlier this week. And I'll just read it to you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4978.1s	4978.1	 I'll just read what the Wall Street Journal said. It said, President Biden stepping back from a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4982.1s	4982.1	 campaign vow has embraced the longstanding US approach of using the threat of a potential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4986.9s	4986.9	 nuclear response to deter conventional and other nuclear dangers in addition to nuclear ones.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4993.0s	4993.0	 During the 2020 campaign, Biden promised to work towards a policy in which the sole purpose of US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=4997.7s	4997.7	 nuclear, the nuclear arsenal would be to deter or respond to an enemy nuclear attack. Instead,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5004.8s	5004.8	 now it holds that the fundamental role of the nuclear arsenal will be to deter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5009.3s	5009.3	 but that it leaves the opening to respond and use it in extreme circumstances. So these are big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5014.6s	5014.6	 changes. And if our whole goal is to just focus the surface area to an economic set of sanctions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5021.5s	5021.5	 these are somewhat unnecessary. Wouldn't we all agree? We don't need to talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5024.6s	5024.6	 changing our nuclear policy. Yeah, Biden was right on the campaign trail. The United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5029.0s	5029.0	 of America should never use nukes except if nukes are used on us. Come on, we know that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5035.6s	5035.6	 And we're talking about changing that now. That's insane. We changed it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5039.0s	5039.0	 We changed it. Look, it shows that there there's an influence in our government,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5043.4s	5043.4	 our State Department of certain hardline elements who want this very tough policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5049.0s	5049.0	 that includes destabilizing the Russian regime and maybe toppling Putin. I'm just saying that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5054.1s	5054.1	 objective is not worth all the existential risks that we're now facing. All right. Do we want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5060.3s	5060.3	 touch on the CCP tax cuts? We want to wrap. We're at 80 minutes. I mean, the CCP tax cuts harkens me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5065.7s	5065.7	 back. Brad, you can react to this because you lived it with me. 2018-19, I'll say it again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5070.8s	5070.8	 we were in this unique moment where, you know, we were not sure whether there was runaway rampant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5075.9s	5075.9	 inflation. And in Q4 of 2018, the Fed basically said, OK, you got us. You know, the boogeyman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5083.0s	5083.0	 exists. We're going to go tame inflation. And they ran forward and raised rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5088.0s	5088.0	 And lo and behold, the Chinese economy turned over in Q1 of 2019. We had like a, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5094.3s	5094.3	 kind of a blippy little recession. And we had to overcome it because China became stimulative.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5099.9s	5099.9	 Now, here we are again. We're worried about this inflationary boogeyman. And the Chinese government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5106.3s	5106.3	 basically extended these tax cuts, increased the tax cuts, and essentially said we're going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5111.4s	5111.4	 very stimulative in the economy, especially through the back half of the year. Now, China, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5118.1s	5118.1	 is a massively export driven economy, right? So the reality is that as goes China, so goes the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5124.6s	5124.6	 rest of our economies. And so I think that it's a setup where how can the United States be under so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5130.4s	5130.4	 much inflationary pressure where China is effectively telling you that we are in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5136.4s	5136.4	 contraction and a recessionary period? And so if that's where China is, there's a risk that we may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5142.6s	5142.6	 already be there or entering that. And so I think it's a little, you know, contorted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5149.1s	5149.1	 You hit two really important points, Jamal. Number one, which we didn't get to earlier.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5154.0s	5154.0	 I tweeted a few weeks ago, the Fed's probably behind the curve on recession, not inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5159.6s	5159.6	 right? We have massive demand destruction going on right now in the US economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5163.8s	5163.8	 Massive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5164.2s	5164.2	 The producer price- Define what that means, Brad. Define what that means, please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5167.0s	5167.0	 I mean, if you just think about what a $6 gas mean, what does no stimmy checks mean?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5171.6s	5171.6	 What does the fact that you actually have to go and get a job again mean? You know, we're rolling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5176.2s	5176.2	 back trillions of dollars off the Fed balance sheet. I'll tell you what it means is that people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5180.4s	5180.4	 can't spend as much money. Just the increase in the 30-year mortgage means you're buying power in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5186.6s	5186.6	 December, four months ago, to buy a house. And if you could afford 1200 bucks a month, that buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5192.2s	5192.2	 power bought you a $350,000 house. Today it buys you a $295,000 house. People's ability, right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5200.2s	5200.2	 to have money, to spend money is getting crushed. So I think we are going to face an economic slow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5205.6s	5205.6	 down. If you look at the PMI, so this was the inflation read in January. People didn't really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5213.2s	5213.2	 notice it. PMI in January came in at 0.2 versus the consensus estimate of 0.6. That means the producer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5223.3s	5223.3	 level of inflation was meaningfully less than we expected. If you look at consumer confidence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5230.5s	5230.5	 it's plummeted, one of the four biggest drawdowns over the last 20 years. Retail sales in the UK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5236.2s	5236.2	 this morning crashing, consumer confidence in the UK crashing. The Chinese government sees this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5242.2s	5242.2	 Not surprisingly, look at what's going on in the world with energy prices. We've never had oil over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5247.6s	5247.6	 $120 and not gone into a recession. We're facing a global slowdown. That will have big implications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5254.4s	5254.4	 for inflation, big implications for rates. But China sees this coming and says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5260.0s	5260.0	 we're going to get ahead of this. We've got a People's Congress in November. We've promised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5264.6s	5264.6	 them 5.5% GDP growth. 3 trillion of that is export driven. That means if Europe and the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5271.1s	5271.1	 catches a cold, they catch the flu. Okay? So they have to do everything in their power. This is why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5277.4s	5277.4	 they're not going to supply the Russians with weapons, right? Because it's economically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5282.8s	5282.8	 assassinating themselves, right? So we have this interconnected world, this idea that we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5288.3s	5288.3	 de-globalizing. What we do doesn't impact anybody else. That ship has sailed a long time ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5294.3s	5294.3	 and the Chinese see this. That's why I think there's also a probability by the middle of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5299.6s	5299.6	 the summer, the Fed in the United States is saying we now see a balanced risk between growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5305.2s	5305.2	 and inflation. Sacks, let's get you in on this. Just as we wrap here, the Chinese Communist Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5311.6s	5311.6	 premier talked about tax cuts. And this is a quote, fertilizer applied directly to the roots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5316.7s	5316.7	 of the economy. Tax rebates look like reductions, but actually are in addition. Today you give back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5320.9s	5320.9	 tomorrow you get more in returns. Does this mean the United States, people will go back and get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5326.6s	5326.6	 jobs because they need to have more money and that maybe we should be looking at, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5330.8s	5330.8	 tax cuts at some point? Listen, Jake, I think we got big problems here at home in the United States,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5337.0s	5337.0	 Brad and Chamath, they've laid out these gigantic economic risks that are facing the country.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5341.8s	5341.8	 You know, I tweeted at the beginning of the year, January 24th, the president's main job is to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5346.1s	5346.1	 ensure peace and prosperity. And Biden's popularity was already plummeting. I think this is when his
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5351.0s	5351.0	 poll numbers were at 38%. But if he gets us into war and recession, he ain't seen nothing yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5357.4s	5357.4	 This war, the longer it drags on, the longer it basically can spin out of control and become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5363.4s	5363.4	 something worse that sucks us in the longer it creates the risk of basically causing a recession
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5370.2s	5370.2	 in the United States. We need the American we need the Biden administration to help try and lead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5376.9s	5376.9	 to a better outcome here instead of ratcheting up the rhetoric.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5379.7s	5379.7	 All right, folks, there you have it. That's your all in podcast for this week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5384.6s	5384.6	 Thanks so much to Brad Gerstner for joining us and filling in for the Sultan of Science.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5389.3s	5389.3	 BG, thanks, bro.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5390.6s	5390.6	 And a lot of great announcements here, Brad will also be joining us for the all in summit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5395.6s	5395.6	 we're about to wrap up tickets. We've announced a bunch of great speakers for the event May 15,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5401.6s	5401.6	 16 and 17 in Miami. You can just do a search for the all in summit. We have given out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5407.9s	5407.9	 we've sent 200 emails to people who asked for scholarships and 100 of them have taken the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5411.6s	5411.6	 tickets 500 of the 650 tickets or so are accounted for we'll be wrapping up registration in the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5417.5s	5417.5	 week or two. And we look forward to seeing you all at the New World Symphony in South Beach.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5423.0s	5423.0	 You got any announcements of people who else is appearing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5425.7s	5425.7	 Oh, my Lord, we have great announcements with keys, Roboia is coming. Joe Lonsdale is coming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5429.4s	5429.4	 Nate Silver is coming. Nate Silver. I love Nate Silver.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5432.7s	5432.7	 Well, we decided to mouth we would have people do 15 to 20 minute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5438.2s	5438.2	 TED style talks like position papers. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5441.0s	5441.0	 who else do we have doing that? Tim Urban of weight but why who's a brilliant tech speaker and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5447.6s	5447.6	 writer, Nate Silver is going to do that. And then Antonio is coming. He was just on. And he was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5454.7s	5454.7	 just on a Rogan show. And so we're going to have these like 20 minute kind of hits, then the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5460.2s	5460.2	 he's will sit with them. We'll do those back to back. Kimball Musk is going to come and talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5464.9s	5464.9	 his DAO that he's doing for nonprofits, Brad, we're going to talk about what topics so we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5469.1s	5469.1	 collecting all this talent and then we'll figure out what positions are going to play in the show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5472.6s	5472.6	 and what the themes will be but the themes will match what we've been talking about here. And we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5476.6s	5476.6	 don't want to pre set the themes six or seven weeks seven weeks out from the event because we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5481.4s	5481.4	 don't know what the world will look like then. And then Friedberg said he wanted to do a position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5484.9s	5484.9	 paper and actually give a 20 minute talk. So besties will have that ability. And besties will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5488.7s	5488.7	 start the event and end the event. Tons of different speakers rotating in and out talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5492.8s	5492.8	 about the most important topics of our time. But I would like to have Peter there. Can you get Peter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5496.8s	5496.8	 to come? He's the most iconoclastic please. I'm just not I'm just not I have to get over my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5503.2s	5503.2	 uncertainty that this whole conference thing is really a grift. It's not a grift. We're putting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5508.1s	5508.1	 all the money is going back into the event. And we gave 200 scholarships there will be no profit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5513.5s	5513.5	 from the event. There needs to be a really nice swag bag and I think it's already at $600 a person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5518.5s	5518.5	 I just spent three or four hundred thousand on the bags. What is the material of the hoodie?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5522.8s	5522.8	 What is the material of the hoodie? All right. If it's got to be a cashmere hoodie, if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5527.8s	5527.8	 to be on brand, otherwise it's off brand for Chimoth. People need to be able to buy up to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5532.4s	5532.4	 to the special hoodie. Brad, I just spent $600,000 per gift bag for 600 gift bags. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5538.1s	5538.1	 it's like 400 grand in gift bags. And Chimoth wants to put a $6000 sweater in there. I just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5543.5s	5543.5	 wanted to know what the material was of the hoodie in the bag. That's all I'm just asking a question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5547.5s	5547.5	 This is my life, Brad. I am busting my ass to put this event on and then Chimoth's complaining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5552.2s	5552.2	 about the gift bag. Sax is complaining on me making a dollar from it. And Freeberg's having
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5556.9s	5556.9	 a panic attack that we don't have enough great speakers and I'm doing all the work. It's my whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5561.4s	5561.4	 fucking life. I appreciate you, J. Cal. I know you did say some nice stuff to me. You did say some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5565.7s	5565.7	 nice stuff. I appreciate that. I've actually been on board with you getting a fee for your hard work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5570.1s	5570.1	 You know, I don't need the fee. It could give you like an hourly wage, you know, $15 an hour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5573.6s	5573.6	 No, I'm not your wage slave, David Sax. I'm working hard here. I'm smart and I'm working hard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5579.4s	5579.4	 But I just want to be appreciated. I don't think you should have like a cotton blend is my,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5585.8s	5585.8	 I think it's a good one. By the way, Brad, do you have any thoughts on the sushi? Is there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5591.4s	5591.4	 should we be using brown rice and not the lime claw tuna? Just make sure there's gold leaf on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5597.5s	5597.5	 the sushi. No, literally, we're spending, I think, for 300 or 400,000 per party. It's over a million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5605.5s	5605.5	 dollars in parties. And I'm talking to talent bookers about serious talent coming to perform.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5610.8s	5610.8	 Drake, can you get Drake? How about Dua Lipa? That's three million dollars. Dua Lipa,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5614.6s	5614.6	 two million dollars. I'm deep in this. Dua Lipa, two million dollars? That's what I got.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5619.7s	5619.7	 How much is Doja Cat? She's great. I think those are all seven figures. I would like to anyway,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5624.7s	5624.7	 what I'm trying to find. That would be a worthwhile use of the money. That would make it an incredible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5628.6s	5628.6	 party. Oh, God. I mean, I really would like to get. How much is Drake again? Two million dollars?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5633.1s	5633.1	 I heard two to three million for Drake. I'm going to skip the greedy bags and get Drake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5636.2s	5636.2	 Yeah, good idea. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cancel the bags. Give it all to Drake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5641.9s	5641.9	 So you guys are saying I should bust my ass and all the work I do, I should take two million dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5647.4s	5647.4	 and hand it to fucking Drake? Yes. Yes. Drake is more valuable than you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5653.2s	5653.2	 25 years of working on events and media, Brad. And these are my friends who are like, take the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5659.8s	5659.8	 two million. You can put it in your pocket and finally make a profit on your work and just hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5664.9s	5664.9	 two million in a bag to Drake. We don't need the bags. I need a plane, guys. Can I get a plane?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5670.8s	5670.8	 I'm trying to get a jet card. Do we get to work with Drake on which songs he would sing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5676.2s	5676.2	 He does like a medley of like three. What I would like to do is have three songs for two million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5680.2s	5680.2	 Come on. I think it's basically like a hundred thousand a minute. I think that's what you're in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5684.7s	5684.7	 for. A hundred thousand per minute. That seems egregious. No, I mean, these guys get paid bank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5691.7s	5691.7	 When I hired Snoop, he did like 20 songs for me. I mean, it was unbelievable. He did like a two or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5696.3s	5696.3	 three hour show. 300? 250? Sax, that's because he forgot he was there. Yeah. He had a great time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5703.0s	5703.0	 Oh my God, man. He was blowing this joint that was so powerful that I was 10 feet away and I got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5708.8s	5708.8	 stoned. I mean, it was like a cloud. He walked in and it was like a cloud. It was like 20 Super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5714.3s	5714.3	 Bowl shows. Good stuff. All right, everybody. Love you besties. Love you, Brad. Peace.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5739.7s	5739.7	 Oh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5741.3s	5741.3	 besties are gone. That's my dog taking a ride.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5751.8s	5751.8	 Should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just like this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5756.1s	5756.1	 like sexual tension, but they just need to release them out. What? You're big. What? You're big.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNTXao9AZB4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=63&t=5763.2s	5763.2	 Yang
