https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=0.0s	0.0	 Hey everybody. Hey everybody. Welcome to another episode of all in the podcast episode eight besties are here to talk about tech economy politics the election and our lives in Silicon Valley. Welcome back to the pod. David Friedberg Queen of Kenway is here from an undisclosed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=18.2s	18.2	 J. Cal always always a joy. Yes, undisclosed location somewhere in the Midwest. You you bailed on SF after the smoke you left and how many days into the barbecue into the orange cloud. I left on the Wednesday of the orange cloud and took it was crazy took my kiddos and we're we're waiting it out the fires in the in the Midwest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=43.3s	43.3	 Well, it's beautiful the last two days here also from an undisclosed bestie location David sacks back on the program rain man is here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=51.2s	51.2	 Yep.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=52.5s	52.5	 Definitely here. Good to be here. All right. Well, there you go. Man of many words and speaking of a man of many words off of seven keynotes this week talking about SPACs the Prince of SPACs Chamath Pali hop at you back on the pod. How are you besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=68.1s	68.1	 Well, we had a little bestie reunion, which I think we can talk about your mouth invited us over to have an outdoor bestie reunion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=75.3s	75.3	 Yeah, and you gave one of them gonorrhea and you gave the other two.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=81.4s	81.4	 Well, we it's crazy to say, but I literally had to call Chamath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=88.1s	88.1	 two or three days after he hosted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=91.1s	91.1	 So socially by the way, a socially distanced dinner outdoors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=95.1s	95.1	 Socially distant dinner outdoors. Wonderful. We had some great ribeye. Fantastic. cracked open a nice bottle or two of wine and the port.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=103.1s	103.1	 And but but then what did you do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=106.6s	106.6	 Well, then a family member of mine who shall remain nameless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=112.6s	112.6	 Decided to go to a party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=115.6s	115.6	 In San Francisco and possibly got the Rona and he tested positive and then I had to get everybody in my house tested twice. Everybody came back negative, but I had to call Chamath and tell them, listen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=130.2s	130.2	 I wasn't exposed, but some members of my family were therefore I might have secondhand exposure. I took two tests came back negative two times in a row.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=138.4s	138.4	 Can I just say though, it's really crazy. Like we have to develop all these new social norms and you're not sure what to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=144.6s	144.6	 And you're not you're not sure how to react. And it's like, it's it must have been like when you know, you got a call and it's like, hey, listen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=152.2s	152.2	 You know, your girlfriend's like, I may be pregnant or like, you know, somebody's like, hey, listen, I have an STD like you just like what is going on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=158.8s	158.8	 I felt like that when I was texting the chat. It was like three of us and I had to text my tail between my legs. I think I've been exposed. I'm really sorry guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=167.4s	167.4	 I think calcans is the Greek word for turd in the punch bowl.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=171.8s	171.8	 You know, it's all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=173.6s	173.6	 Code 13.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=174.5s	174.5	 So yeah, exactly. I don't know if we can tell the code 13.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=177.6s	177.6	 Oh, I'm gonna tell the code 13 story. I wasn't even there, but I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=182.7s	182.7	 Legendary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=184.1s	184.1	 Jason Jason Jason Calcana's gets invited by David Sacks out of his benevolence to come to stay in Hawaii at the Four Seasons and at somewhere some point during this week log vacation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=198.3s	198.3	 Are you here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=199.5s	199.5	 Christmas Day, you hear a shout from the pool from the lifeguard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=202.6s	202.6	 Well, no, no, it was it was even before that we were sitting at the bar. So me and Jason, his brother in law, we're sitting at the bar having drinks and all of a sudden there's a commotion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=210.6s	210.6	 And the bartenders and the staff and he started hearing people on walkie talkie saying code 13 code 13.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=216.0s	216.0	 And we don't know what to make of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=219.2s	219.2	 We think it's a terrorist attack.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=221.7s	221.7	 I mean, literally the Four Seasons is on a high alert alarms are going off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=228.0s	228.0	 And then and then we hear okay well we're like we said to the barge. Well, what's the code 13 and he's like well it means that some kid, you know, crapped in the pool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=236.0s	236.0	 Did a number two in the pool and we're like, you know, and then we're like, okay, well, you know, it was Jason's kids.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=244.7s	244.7	 Well, then I started hearing something about like the Sacks kids and I'm like, no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=249.4s	249.4	 Sacks code 13.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=250.5s	250.5	 Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=250.8s	250.8	 They thought it was us and then it turns out it was it was Jacob's kid and we were never able to get a reservation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=259.8s	259.8	 But they have to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=260.8s	260.8	 Well, it's so funny.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=261.5s	261.5	 It's like I went there at one point a few years later and it's a whole ordeal because they said, so how do you guys deal with like, you know, a code 13?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=269.4s	269.4	 They're like, oh, code 13.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=272.1s	272.1	 You have to evacuate the whole hotel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=274.0s	274.0	 Half the island gets sent away.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=276.3s	276.3	 Here's what had to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=277.8s	277.8	 This is on just to put the code 13 in perspective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=280.6s	280.6	 I think my 10 year old at the time was two years old.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=283.4s	283.4	 My sister-in-law takes the baby in the pool without telling anybody and the baby's not wearing a swim diaper.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=289.2s	289.2	 And so basically a Snickers bar floats out of the and there's a Snickers bar in the pool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=296.8s	296.8	 You guys have kids.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=297.6s	297.6	 You know how big these things can get.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=299.1s	299.1	 You're like, how is that possible?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=301.0s	301.0	 That, you know, like a movie theater size Snickers, a king size Snickers pool is floating in the middle of the pool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=307.6s	307.6	 But this is on December 25th.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=310.9s	310.9	 These poor people are spending three thousand dollars a night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=314.0s	314.0	 There is not a single chase lounge by the pool that's not occupied.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=317.8s	317.8	 It is peak capacity at the Four Seasons Hotel on the Big Island or wherever it was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=324.1s	324.1	 The pool has to be shut down for four hours.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=326.8s	326.8	 The person has to get in with a hazmat suit, retrieve the Snickers bar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=330.7s	330.7	 King size Snickers has to get out of the park.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=332.1s	332.1	 Then they have to throw in every chemical known to man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=335.1s	335.1	 So much so that the pool is ruined for Christmas Day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=339.4s	339.4	 And that's the code 13 story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=340.5s	340.5	 All right. Getting back to our topics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=342.2s	342.2	 TikTok is on the verge of being banned from additional U.S. downloads.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=348.9s	348.9	 The Commerce Department has announced that it will ban U.S.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=351.0s	351.0	 downloads and business transactions with TikTok and WeChat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=354.7s	354.7	 Somehow WeChat got pulled into this on Sunday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=358.6s	358.6	 This will seemingly we're going to allow TikTok to operate until November 12th.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=366.4s	366.4	 So they got a little bit of a stay of execution.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=368.8s	368.8	 But of course, if they can't update in the App Store, that means there could be any security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=372.8s	372.8	 vulnerabilities that get found between now and then would not be able to be updated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=377.7s	377.7	 And Steve Muchen is attempting to push through a TikTok deal that will enable retaining some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=385.4s	385.4	 Chinese ownership. And there's some sort of agreement now with Oracle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=390.8s	390.8	 We'll have some kind of an oversight board to do continuous third party audits.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=396.8s	396.8	 What does this say, Chamath, about where we're at?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=400.6s	400.6	 And do you believe that, you know, a Democratic leader, let's say Obama or Biden, would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=407.4s	407.4	 taken the same approach here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=408.8s	408.8	 Does it worry you that the government's getting this involved?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=411.0s	411.0	 Or is this inspiring that the government's putting their foot down and saying, hey, listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=415.2s	415.2	 we're going to need to have some basic level of reciprocity from China if we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=418.4s	418.4	 allow you in our app store?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=419.8s	419.8	 You know, I think I think it's kind of like, you know, like if you've ever been driving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=424.3s	424.3	 someplace with your significant other and they're like, turn left and you're like, no, no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=430.1s	430.1	 no, I'm going to turn right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=431.5s	431.5	 And then you realize you should have turned left, but then you keep turning right a few more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=434.8s	434.8	 times. Then you take a couple more laps, but then you end up at the same place.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=438.6s	438.6	 But it was complete shit dumb luck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=441.5s	441.5	 I feel like we're going to end up in the same place here with TikTok, which is that I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=446.1s	446.1	 the Trump administration probably is doing this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=448.6s	448.6	 And Donald Trump specifically probably does this more as a demonstration of power.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=452.7s	452.7	 And, you know, American exceptionalism, which I'm not sure is the right reason to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=459.1s	459.1	 But I think the outcome is right, which is that, you know, for years, China has essentially been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=464.5s	464.5	 shut out to American companies unless you effectively just kowtow to these guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=469.8s	469.8	 And, you know, some companies have and some companies like, you know, Google have not and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=473.6s	473.6	 other companies like Facebook have been totally basically blocked from entering.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=477.6s	477.6	 And so I think it's completely right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=479.9s	479.9	 It's unfair to have the asymmetric market advantages that Chinese companies have had.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=484.9s	484.9	 And so you have to play hardball to create a different set of rules.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=488.4s	488.4	 And I think this probably gets us to that place.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=490.6s	490.6	 The reason why it's happening is probably more because the TikTok people played that joke on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=495.4s	495.4	 Trump at the Tulsa rally, if you had to, if I had to guess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=498.6s	498.6	 Yeah. What do you think, Friedberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=500.8s	500.8	 Is this a good sign for America and the globe that, you know, and the Democratic nations of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=506.8s	506.8	 world that we're going to put our foot down with China and say, hey, some reciprocity or you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=510.9s	510.9	 going to be able to participate in our marketplace?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=512.5s	512.5	 Or is this a personal vendetta from Trump or a little bit of both?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=517.1s	517.1	 I don't see how it's anything but a slippery slope forward in the escalation of, you know, what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=525.0s	525.0	 going to be kind of transpiring between these two nations in the next couple of years and maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=530.1s	530.1	 decades. You know, this goes back to the, you know, early 2000s when Google and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=536.8s	536.8	 others wanted to enter China and China has, for those who don't know, China has this great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=540.7s	540.7	 firewall, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=542.0s	542.0	 Chinese citizens can't openly access the rest of the internet and China wanted to censor content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=547.3s	547.3	 and censor what their citizens are accessing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=551.5s	551.5	 And so there's been a back and forth between the tech industry and China going back almost 20 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=557.0s	557.0	 now to try and figure out how we can bring our services to China.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=561.3s	561.3	 And then China launches a service that's very successful in the U.S.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=564.4s	564.4	 in TikTok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=565.4s	565.4	 And I think it's just a part of the reciprocity equation, which doesn't resolve anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=571.8s	571.8	 It only escalates things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=573.3s	573.3	 So it's unfortunate, but it's just kind of another step in the path that I think is inevitable in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=578.4s	578.4	 front of us here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=579.7s	579.7	 Sax, we'll give you the final word here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=582.6s	582.6	 Is this a good thing for humanity, for international relations that China is having a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=591.1s	591.1	 little bit of a hand check here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=592.4s	592.4	 Like, hey, there's going to be a limit to how you can operate in the West.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=596.8s	596.8	 Or is this a personal vendetta from Trump?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=598.7s	598.7	 And then what do you see going forward?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=601.9s	601.9	 It's true that, I mean, first of all, our social networks are not allowed over there, so I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=607.0s	607.0	 think we need to feel bad about, you know, not allowing their social networks over here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=611.8s	611.8	 But besides reciprocity or the lack of it, I think the deeper reason for this is just around data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=618.6s	618.6	 security and how the, you know, and I think the CCP has given us adequate grounds here to ban
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=626.0s	626.0	 not just TikTok, but apps like that, because President Xi himself declared this policy of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=631.8s	631.8	 civil-military fusion, which means that any business in China, any business asset there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=637.2s	637.2	 including data, can be appropriated to serve the ends of the Chinese military or the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=642.6s	642.6	 Communist Party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=643.4s	643.4	 And, you know, the CCP has set up this vast surveillance apparatus over its own citizens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=649.8s	649.8	 It's asserted extraterritorial sovereignty over former Chinese citizens, meaning dissidents.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=657.8s	657.8	 So the Chinese diaspora anywhere in the world, they've asserted sovereignty over that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=662.9s	662.9	 And, you know, recently there was a pretty remarkable speech by the FBI director Christopher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=668.2s	668.2	 Ray describing, you know, Operation Fox Hunt, which is the Chinese effort to track down and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=675.4s	675.4	 presumably ultimately punish Chinese dissidents anywhere in the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=678.8s	678.8	 And as part of that, the Chinese have sort of weaponized AI and social media.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=683.1s	683.1	 And so he also described, I mean, this is like pretty amazing, you know, that the Equifax hack,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=689.0s	689.0	 which collected data on something like sensitive data on over 100 million Americans, the Chinese
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=693.7s	693.7	 were behind that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=694.9s	694.9	 I didn't know that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=696.2s	696.2	 And so, you know, it's true that, you know, no one piece of data poses by itself a risk to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=706.1s	706.1	 security of America or Americans.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=708.1s	708.1	 But it's sort of the systematic collection and aggregation of the data and the hacking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=714.1s	714.1	 collectively that I do think pose a security threat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=716.8s	716.8	 And I think...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=719.5s	719.5	 You got to stop right there, Zach.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=720.9s	720.9	 Actually, an individual's data could absolutely be compromised if they have access to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=726.1s	726.1	 your passwords because through the clipboard, they have access to your phone roll.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=730.5s	730.5	 If a young person had photos that were, say, compromising in their photo roll, the phone is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=735.7s	735.7	 you know, basically given access to that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=737.0s	737.0	 They upload that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=738.4s	738.4	 Now you could use that as a compromise against a senator's child or against a senator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=744.2s	744.2	 themselves. And this seems like an abstract thing, but this is exactly what the Chinese and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=749.0s	749.0	 Russians have been doing for a very long time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=751.4s	751.4	 If you've seen the series, The Americans and you go back to the 80s to see the weaponization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=756.3s	756.3	 of, you know, somebody who was in the closet, who was gay during that time, or somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=760.8s	760.8	 who was having extramarital affair, you could compromise anybody with just sexual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=764.4s	764.4	 compromise. And you hear we're giving access to hundreds of millions of people's photo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=768.9s	768.9	 libraries, clipboards.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=770.4s	770.4	 By the way, you just said something that's really scary, which is like if you're if you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=774.1s	774.1	 the Chinese and, you know, they have the patience to play the long game, you just aggregate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=779.2s	779.2	 and collect this thing for 30 years on the off chance that one of these people becomes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=783.8s	783.8	 important. I mean, what is the real...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=785.4s	785.4	 You got a mentoring candidate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=786.8s	786.8	 Just you just surveil 300 million Americans and just say, you know what, we'll take our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=790.8s	790.8	 shot. I mean, it's going to cost us a few billion dollars a year in storage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=793.6s	793.6	 Who cares?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=794.7s	794.7	 Yeah, I'm not like, is there really a case that what they're doing in the TikTok app?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=800.2s	800.2	 I don't know how much you guys have read some of the studies on on what they are actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=805.7s	805.7	 pulling. But is there really a case that what they're pulling is particularly different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=810.0s	810.0	 than what would be pulled by pretty much any other social app or photo sharing app on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=814.2s	814.2	 your phone? There was some, you know, kind of insight that, hey, they were capturing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=818.4s	818.4	 the MAC address, but that was up until last November.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=820.8s	820.8	 After November, the app kind of refreshed and stopped doing that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=823.9s	823.9	 And it was a hack that some number of apps out there were already doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=828.5s	828.5	 But my understanding is the way that they've built the app, it's the same kind of ad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=833.3s	833.3	 tracking type approach that a lot of apps are taking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=836.8s	836.8	 I think it's a naive position that because we haven't caught them doing something nefarious,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=841.5s	841.5	 that they aren't actually doing something nefarious right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=844.1s	844.1	 If you look at what MBS did to Jeff Bezos sending that, I guess it was a movie file
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=850.3s	850.3	 or an image that then wound up hacking his WeChat and his phone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=853.5s	853.5	 Like, I think they've built the software.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=855.9s	855.9	 I think it's purpose built, whether it's WeChat or TikTok to have these back doors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=860.9s	860.9	 There's no way the Chinese government is not influencing that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=863.4s	863.4	 Guys, look, if you if you had to bet, David, what do you think the odds are between zero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=869.6s	869.6	 and 100, with 100 being absolute certainty that there are foreign national spies that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=875.8s	875.8	 work at Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=879.4s	879.4	 That's my point. Is it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=881.4s	881.4	 I mean, look, I think that there are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=883.0s	883.0	 No, but do you think it's 100 percent?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=884.8s	884.8	 Oh, of course it's 100.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=885.9s	885.9	 Yeah, I think at every one of them, it's probably 100 percent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=888.7s	888.7	 Yeah, at least one, you know, foreign national that has a connection to intelligence in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=892.8s	892.8	 China. Yeah, it's probably 100 percent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=894.2s	894.2	 100 percent. So my point is TikTok is 100 percent Chinese.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=897.8s	897.8	 So we don't even have to guess whether it's.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=902.0s	902.0	 My point is, like, if if if there is some access to personal data that we're all concerned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=907.3s	907.3	 about being compromised at literally every other fucking app company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=912.3s	912.3	 Yeah, every app company is not connected to you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=916.2s	916.2	 But the point that Chumov just made is that they very well could be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=919.0s	919.0	 The fact is, we as individuals have exposed all of our personal and private data to six or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=923.9s	923.9	 seven companies. I think you're saying to me really right thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=926.8s	926.8	 It is a this is a canary in the coal mine for a bigger issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=930.5s	930.5	 This is why I'm saying I think that, you know, Trump is probably acting out of an expression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=935.4s	935.4	 of power. But I think what we're realizing is actually this is about core fundamental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=941.2s	941.2	 privacy and the safety and security of each of us as individuals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=945.4s	945.4	 And it should start a bigger conversation like privacy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=948.8s	948.8	 I really do think this privacy is the killer feature of the two thousand and twenty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=953.5s	953.5	 Right. You know what David just said about, like, you know, if you're a.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=956.8s	956.8	 If you're a Chinese ex-national, the idea that you're like, look, I've been a citizen of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=962.2s	962.2	 three countries. The idea that the Sri Lankan government all of a sudden may not like what I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=966.3s	966.3	 have to say and can spy on me or, you know, root my phone or steal my data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=972.3s	972.3	 It really disturbs me like I'm sorry, but no, go fuck yourself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=976.0s	976.0	 Like I left that country for a reason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=978.9s	978.9	 Yeah. So I think I think the Republican to watch on this is well, besides Trump, I guess, is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=983.8s	983.8	 there's Senator Josh Hawley, who is crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=988.6s	988.6	 Well, he's he's sort of a critic of big tech.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=992.6s	992.6	 And I think he's got some interesting things to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=994.8s	994.8	 But but in this particular area, he is proposing legislation to regulate the types of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1000.8s	1000.8	 information that can be collected by applications that are based in countries that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1005.4s	1005.4	 fundamentally hostile or adversarial to the US.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1007.8s	1007.8	 And that to me seems like the right policy, because, you know, it's not just about Tick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1012.6s	1012.6	 Tock, it's about all the apps that collect information on Americans that can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1019.1s	1019.1	 appropriated by, you know, the Chinese Communist Party or Russia or Iran, places like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1025.1s	1025.1	 that. And so I think we need a more holistic policy here than just banning Tick Tock.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1030.2s	1030.2	 And it may not be necessary to ban Tick Tock if you had the right limitations placed on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1034.7s	1034.7	 them. But but but I but I do think this this this whole sort of compromise solution with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1040.2s	1040.2	 Larry Ellison and Oracle, that makes no sense to me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1043.4s	1043.4	 This idea that, you know, Ellison will own 20 percent of the company, but nothing else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1048.0s	1048.0	 really changes. It'll still be based in China.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1050.9s	1050.9	 A Chinese company will still be Chinese engineers based in China who, you know, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1055.7s	1055.7	 they still own 80 percent of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1057.0s	1057.0	 I mean, how does that really address the data security issue?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1060.2s	1060.2	 Don't you think, David, that that's just basically a way of just it's a wealth transfer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1064.8s	1064.8	 to Larry Ellison, which I think is amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1066.8s	1066.8	 I mean, if I could totally do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1068.3s	1068.3	 Yeah, it's bite dance. It's it's it's it's it's your lap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1072.4s	1072.4	 No, it's it's bite dance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1074.6s	1074.6	 It's bite dance paying political protection money to Larry Ellison to be their bodyguard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1080.1s	1080.1	 in this political process. But and I but that's why I don't think it's going to fly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1084.3s	1084.3	 I mean, Hawley has already said that it's not good enough for him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1087.6s	1087.6	 And so even if I think and it doesn't live up to Trump's stated criteria, even though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1093.0s	1093.0	 he seems to be this ultimately a syphilis ruling sex, is that who's going to make the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1096.6s	1096.6	 final call on this or does Trump have sole executive kind of authority on on foreign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1102.3s	1102.3	 security on security grounds to kind of block it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1104.9s	1104.9	 Does it go to Syphius?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1106.2s	1106.2	 I don't know. That's a good question.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1107.4s	1107.4	 I think Syphius disapproves M&A, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1109.9s	1109.9	 It has to it has to approve it. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1111.7s	1111.7	 I mean, so you're right. I mean, there are there are members of Congress that are all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1115.2s	1115.2	 going to need to be convinced to get this thing done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1117.4s	1117.4	 Well, but Syphius approves M&A.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1120.1s	1120.1	 I didn't think they could like block applications.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1123.0s	1123.0	 As of last year, as of last year, every investment triggers Syphius.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1128.6s	1128.6	 It's it's a weird new thing that happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1130.8s	1130.8	 I was involved in a company recently.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1132.1s	1132.1	 Yeah, but that seems secondary to the national security power that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1136.7s	1136.7	 that Trump may have. So this is almost like a two tier kind of thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1139.8s	1139.8	 One is to approve one is for it to, you know, for Trump to be a cool with it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1145.6s	1145.6	 national security terms. And then second is the antitrust issues.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1149.7s	1149.7	 If we just go back a second, talking about the broad, you know, as Chamath called it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1153.9s	1153.9	 kind of this canary in a coal mine, you know, I don't know how many of you guys use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1157.5s	1157.5	 an Amazon Echo or a Google Home or Amazon Fire TV or Nest thermostat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1162.0s	1162.0	 Every every single every single one of them has ambient audio listening on it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1166.0s	1166.0	 Every single one of them even.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1168.2s	1168.2	 And another thing people don't realize is every speaker is actually a microphone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1171.9s	1171.9	 as well as a speaker. You can actually listen on any house speaker,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1174.8s	1174.8	 whether it's a Sonos device or what have you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1177.4s	1177.4	 And so we've got, you know, our homes are already wired.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1181.6s	1181.6	 Amazon Fire TV runs on fucking Android.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1185.0s	1185.0	 I mean, there is a hundred ways into your home as it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1188.4s	1188.4	 It seems to me like there's a significant concern about how much data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1193.0s	1193.0	 we are already exposing that's being highlighted here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1195.9s	1195.9	 I don't think that there's, you know, it's sort of like playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1199.3s	1199.3	 where you try and pop the hamsters in the game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1201.4s	1201.4	 It's like at some point we're going to realize these things are here everywhere.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1204.6s	1204.6	 And it's not just a company, but it is how we are living our lives now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1208.6s	1208.6	 and how technology is kind of capturing every piece of information
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1212.0s	1212.0	 about everything we do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1213.0s	1213.0	 This is this is I go back to this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1214.6s	1214.6	 Somebody will take this or many people will take this and run with it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1219.3s	1219.3	 But I think that there is an enormous amount of money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1223.6s	1223.6	 that consumers will pay for the assurance of anonymity and privacy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1228.3s	1228.3	 I don't really know how it's expressed, David, but like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1231.1s	1231.1	 you know, for example, like if I could get a phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1234.1s	1234.1	 that was completely locked down and encrypted and.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1242.8s	1242.8	 Like a burner phone is what you're talking about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1244.6s	1244.6	 And a lot of people are now doing this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1246.2s	1246.2	 They take a second phone. They put a VPN VPN.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1248.4s	1248.4	 So the are the first step.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1250.0s	1250.0	 I and you're saying I try to become very popular.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1252.9s	1252.9	 Well, like I try to use signal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1254.5s	1254.5	 I try to use FaceTime audio.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1256.3s	1256.3	 I'll even use WhatsApp now just because these things are intended encrypted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1260.1s	1260.1	 And I have nothing particularly important or interesting to say or hide.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1265.4s	1265.4	 But I just don't like the idea that in the in the open wild,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1270.0s	1270.0	 I'm I just feel very vulnerable to data breaches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1273.2s	1273.2	 more than any other kind of breach.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1274.5s	1274.5	 I mean, I had this conversation with somebody that was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1278.4s	1278.4	 you know, sort of helping me lock down my Wi-Fi network, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1283.0s	1283.0	 and for a long time, I only had one endpoint.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1285.0s	1285.0	 And all of a sudden, he's like, look, let's have a home and a guest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1288.5s	1288.5	 But in that conversation, what he was saying is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1291.7s	1291.7	 the biggest form of theft isn't like burglaries anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1295.8s	1295.8	 It's basically people just having packet sniffers outside your house
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1299.2s	1299.2	 because they can get access to everything and anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1302.2s	1302.2	 And can I ask you, can I ask you a question?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1304.4s	1304.4	 There's a there's a book by a guy named Stephen Baxter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1307.7s	1307.7	 is a science fiction book from years ago and Arthur Clark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1310.5s	1310.5	 called The Light of Other Days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1311.6s	1311.6	 And these guys developed a wormhole technology.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1313.6s	1313.6	 They could put it in any house and they could see and listen to everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1316.8s	1316.8	 And suddenly the technology became kind of ubiquitous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1319.0s	1319.0	 So everyone could create a wormhole anywhere and see and hear everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1323.4s	1323.4	 So effectively, information was completely transferable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1326.1s	1326.1	 and free and available to everyone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1327.9s	1327.9	 And the book kind of highlights how society changed in that context.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1331.4s	1331.4	 So in a world where you see where everyone is and what everyone is doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1334.3s	1334.3	 and saying, there's no longer any notion of information,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1337.5s	1337.5	 asymmetry and the way people operate and behave changes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1340.4s	1340.4	 because so much of our life is dependent on people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1342.2s	1342.2	 not knowing things about us that we know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1344.6s	1344.6	 So when you're when your employee is going to go interview for another job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1348.0s	1348.0	 and they tell you they're going to the dentist, you can say, like, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1350.0s	1350.0	 that's not true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1350.6s	1350.6	 And the guy says, you know what, I'm actually thinking about looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1352.4s	1352.4	 for another job because I hate working for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1353.8s	1353.8	 You suck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1354.6s	1354.6	 So everyone starts changing kind of how they behave.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1357.2s	1357.2	 Do you think that 50 years from now, that's where the world heads?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1359.8s	1359.8	 Do you really think it's possible to stop this train in its tracks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1364.2s	1364.2	 and not end up in a world of what I would call kind of like hyper transparency,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1368.2s	1368.2	 where all information becomes kind of because it's already being collected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1371.4s	1371.4	 everywhere about everyone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1372.8s	1372.8	 I think it's rising exponentially.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1375.0s	1375.0	 People are going to start.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1376.2s	1376.2	 I think that people are going to start turning their homes into like those skiffs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1380.1s	1380.1	 you know, sensitive, compartmented information facilities.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1383.4s	1383.4	 You always hear about like senators going into the skiff kind of situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1386.8s	1386.8	 for private stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1387.3s	1387.3	 I think like people are going to start taking this very seriously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1390.5s	1390.5	 as they get compromised, you know, time after time and embarrassing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1394.0s	1394.0	 And you can see with Apple making it their marketing strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1397.2s	1397.2	 Apple's you know, you don't you don't think society changes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1400.1s	1400.1	 Oh, I think it's already changed already with like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1402.1s	1402.1	 people getting their phones hacked and their, you know, news being leaked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1406.0s	1406.0	 People are now normalize that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1407.9s	1407.9	 I think it makes the world a much shittier place because it basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1412.5s	1412.5	 robs us of our own independence and our fundamental right to privacy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1419.6s	1419.6	 And I just think that's a really bad outcome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1422.2s	1422.2	 And so, you know what, like if if like the need for likes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1427.3s	1427.3	 and tweets and followers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1431.0s	1431.0	 leads me to a place where I lose privacy, I would just say, shut them all down now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1435.8s	1435.8	 because I think that people's self-worth is much bigger than what they understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1439.7s	1439.7	 it to be if they're willing to make that trade off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1442.1s	1442.1	 But yeah, most people appreciate that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1444.2s	1444.2	 Well, I would also I would also just add that just because there's more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1450.1s	1450.1	 transparency doesn't mean that it serves the interests of truth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1453.0s	1453.0	 Like Jason said earlier,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1455.8s	1455.8	 this information can be used to create, you know, ops, you know, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1460.1s	1460.1	 manipulate. And, you know, it's.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1464.6s	1464.6	 And so, yeah, I don't, you know, like Trotsky said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1468.7s	1468.7	 just because you're not interested in war doesn't mean war isn't interested in you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1471.8s	1471.8	 I mean, this data can be collected to run operations on people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1476.8s	1476.8	 that don't serve the interests of greater transparency or the.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1479.8s	1479.8	 I think I think people don't think from first principles on this topic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1483.8s	1483.8	 This is sort of like the idiotic orthodoxy of Silicon Valley, which is like they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1488.2s	1488.2	 they wrap themselves in the flag of transparency like it meets something,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1491.5s	1491.5	 but they have no real idea what it really means at scale and at the limit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1496.0s	1496.0	 And, you know, there's one thing about getting access to a fucking looker dashboard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1500.2s	1500.2	 Who cares? You know, and but the word transparency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1503.6s	1503.6	 is used for that the same way that it's used for David, exactly what you just said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1506.8s	1506.8	 And there are two completely different things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1508.9s	1508.9	 They have completely different meanings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1511.0s	1511.0	 And the latter's implications are so much more important.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1514.8s	1514.8	 And we need to think about this from first principles, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1517.4s	1517.4	 I think people's inherent identity as human beings ultimately gets put at risk over time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1524.8s	1524.8	 It should absolutely be the case that these social networks or anybody collecting data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1529.5s	1529.5	 gives an op. This is the way I would form the legislation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1532.2s	1532.2	 If you are running a service like Facebook, Twitter, Google for free,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1536.3s	1536.3	 and you're monetizing through advertising, you provide an offer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1541.3s	1541.3	 They do provide.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1542.0s	1542.0	 They monetize.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1543.6s	1543.6	 Oh, listen, if you monetize your service through advertising services,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1548.8s	1548.8	 then I think you should be forced to give a option for whatever the amount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1555.4s	1555.4	 of that monetization is a year to pay as a subscription.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1557.8s	1557.8	 So, for example, if Facebook makes $80 per person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1563.0s	1563.0	 You lost. You lost monetization, Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1566.5s	1566.5	 Sorry, I think it's over. It's over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1569.1s	1569.1	 Next time, I'll be back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1574.0s	1574.0	 Next segment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1574.5s	1574.5	 Next segment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1575.3s	1575.3	 Next segment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1580.5s	1580.5	 All right. Well, just as we wrap up here on this segment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1582.8s	1582.8	 Kevin Systrom might he's in the running, apparently, to take over for TikTok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1586.8s	1586.8	 Is that a good idea, Sax? I think you know, Systrom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1589.7s	1589.7	 I think it's a pretty it's a dumb idea unless the company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1595.0s	1595.0	 literally becomes an American company. I don't know why you've made this point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1598.3s	1598.3	 in the context of Kevin Mayer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1599.6s	1599.6	 Like, if he's working for ByteDance, he's working for the ByteDance board directors,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1606.6s	1606.6	 which reports to the CCP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1608.2s	1608.2	 It's just why would someone who's in his position want to sacrifice his independence to do that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1614.1s	1614.1	 Yeah, it makes no sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1615.0s	1615.0	 And that's this is becoming the big test on everybody's moral compass,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1619.6s	1619.6	 especially Hollywood, which is changing the ending of movies to satisfy the CCP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1623.8s	1623.8	 Like, literally, the people who are the biggest virtual signals in the world, celebrities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1627.9s	1627.9	 Hollywood, China, China knows how to use its market access.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1631.6s	1631.6	 We don't. We just threw open our markets to their products,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1635.8s	1635.8	 which caused us to lose our whole industrial manufacturing capacity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1643.0s	1643.0	 We didn't demand anything really in exchange for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1645.8s	1645.8	 Whereas in order to get access to China, you have to say and do the right things,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1650.8s	1650.8	 or certainly to not criticize them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1653.5s	1653.5	 So they know how to use, as we saw with the NBA and the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1659.1s	1659.1	 Darrell Morey thing, they know how to use their market access.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1663.6s	1663.6	 All right. Well, let's go on to the economy here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1665.4s	1665.4	 We've been sheltering in place essentially for six months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1669.8s	1669.8	 And now people are starting to talk about, hey, maybe we need to do another lockdown.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1675.4s	1675.4	 And obviously, this economic challenge is being felt very differently.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1683.5s	1683.5	 In some places, it's an opportunity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1685.9s	1685.9	 Obviously, a lot of people with SaaS software and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1690.2s	1690.2	 people who work behind keyboards are having a renaissance, and a lot of the economy is pouring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1694.2s	1694.2	 into their keyboards, while restaurants, retail, and anybody who has to work in the real world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1700.7s	1700.7	 is part of what's becoming essentially a permanent unemployed class that perhaps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1708.0s	1708.0	 is starting to look like a dry one of UBI. What are your thoughts, Chamath, on this permanent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1714.1s	1714.1	 unemployment situation? I have a bunch of thoughts here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1718.9s	1718.9	 Let me just go kind of give you this stream of consciousness.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1721.0s	1721.0	 Like Jerome Powell gave a speech, I think it was two or three weeks ago in Jackson Hole.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1726.3s	1726.3	 And he basically said, look, the Federal Reserve is taking a completely new posture on rates.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1730.7s	1730.7	 And they basically clarified that in explicit detail just a few days ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1739.7s	1739.7	 And they basically said, we're keeping rates where they are until at least 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1744.5s	1744.5	 My personal view is rates are going to stay basically at zero for the next half decade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1749.3s	1749.3	 And I think it's probably pretty likely that we're going to see rates stay at zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1753.5s	1753.5	 probably a full decade. So what does that mean?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1759.0s	1759.0	 Well, in a typical recession, what happens is you don't know where the bottom is. Things sort of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1765.7s	1765.7	 decay. They get a little bit worse. They get a little bit worse. They get a little bit worse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1769.9s	1769.9	 Then things bottom out. And then you start to grow. And you can use interest rate policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1775.0s	1775.0	 to kind of help navigate how soft the landing is as well as how fast the recovery is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1779.8s	1779.8	 That's sort of like classic economics and how bankers and the markets and all these folks used
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1784.5s	1784.5	 to work and it eventually would trickle into Main Street. Now we just have none of those things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1789.4s	1789.4	 We have rates zero. They're not going to go anywhere. They're not going to go up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1792.8s	1792.8	 They're probably not going to go down. They're going to kind of just stay where they are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1796.4s	1796.4	 That's one thing. Second is we priced in the bottom, which was the first month of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1800.2s	1800.2	 coronavirus. We took the markets basically assuming, oh, there's no growth. And now we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1804.5s	1804.5	 priced things back as if they'll recover. The rating agencies are out to lunch. They've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1809.1s	1809.1	 basically said, you know what? I'm going to look out till 2021 or 2022. Give me a reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1814.5s	1814.5	 to justify not to downgrade you so that you can continue to raise more debt, which by the way is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1821.0s	1821.0	 free. So you have all these dynamics where I think the capital markets are in an expansive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1828.2s	1828.2	 mood and an expansive mode. And in that, I actually think there's a real bid to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1835.4s	1835.4	 employment because there isn't really that many ways now you can, without just getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1842.1s	1842.1	 completely ripped apart, put money to work. And so the real earnest capital allocation strategy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1848.0s	1848.0	 that's left for most CEOs is to actually buy things, invest in things, try more things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1853.8s	1853.8	 And all of those, I think, lead to net employment. So in general, I'm kind of constructive and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1858.1s	1858.1	 bullish. And I don't think that this idea that there's a permanent unemployment class sticks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1862.9s	1862.9	 around. Freeburg, what are your thoughts? Obviously, a lot of Americans work in retail.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1867.4s	1867.4	 You know, we obviously have all these restaurant workers who are out of work and travel is now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1874.3s	1874.3	 hitting the end of the furloughs at a lot of these different airlines, et cetera. What's your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1881.1s	1881.1	 thought on this unemployment, middle America catastrophe? Well, I don't think happiness comes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1890.6s	1890.6	 from absolute standards of living. I think happiness arises from one's relative standard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1899.1s	1899.1	 of living, whether that's relative to how you lived last year or how you're living relative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1903.4s	1903.4	 to your neighbor. And seeing some progression over time is the only thing that keeps people happy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1909.5s	1909.5	 It's otherwise society decays. So the notion of some sort of flatlined or even flatlined and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1915.5s	1915.5	 inflation adjusted basic income level for a large number of people will inevitably result in kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1923.0s	1923.0	 what we're trying to prevent, which is some sort of societal decay. We have to resolve the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1929.1s	1929.1	 opportunity framework for people, which is how do you give people an opportunity to kind of progress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1933.2s	1933.2	 in their lives and earn more over time and have access to doing more with themselves while they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1939.0s	1939.0	 here on planet Earth? I mean, that's just what humans need. So maybe there's a short-term fix,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1944.7s	1944.7	 but I think we've got some structural things to fix to kind of enable opportunities and give people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1952.7s	1952.7	 kind of an inherent, you know, kind of a stepladder in life. I heard a really dark theory a few years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1961.0s	1961.0	 ago, which is if we do this, we're going to resolve to a world where we're going to have a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1965.0s	1965.0	 people playing video games because then the only way you can get people to feel like they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1968.3s	1968.3	 progressing in their lives is to give them more medals on their video games and give them a higher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1972.5s	1972.5	 ranking and score. And that's where society kind of gets to, to kind of keep people psychologically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1977.3s	1977.3	 kind of satiated. And it's a pretty dark, you know, sad place if that's where we end up. It's like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1983.7s	1983.7	 bad episode of Black Mirror, but we've had a few episodes of Black Mirror this year. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1987.5s	1987.5	 you know, we'll see. It sounds like Ready Player One with the Masters were playing video games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1991.8s	1991.8	 instead of actually going out in the real world. That's right. Totally. Sax, what's your thought on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=1996.7s	1996.7	 you know, just the next two years, let's say, and how this all shakes out. And this will give us a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2002.3s	2002.3	 good segue into the coronavirus and where we stand right now with this potential second
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2007.2s	2007.2	 lockdown and the impact that might have psychologically on people and also on the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2013.0s	2013.0	 There's not going to be a second lockdown. It doesn't make any sense. And even if there were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2016.6s	2016.6	 people aren't going to support it, certainly any of the red states aren't going to do it. I guess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2022.7s	2022.7	 the blue states may, they still haven't, you know, sort of unlocked down. So maybe that gets more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2028.2s	2028.2	 protracted in places like California. But we're not going to go back into lockdowns and people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2033.8s	2033.8	 won't support it. And I think the thing that we've basically figured out that should have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2037.3s	2037.3	 obvious months ago now is that coronavirus is really like two different diseases in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2043.8s	2043.8	 its effects on people. So for elderly people and for people with risk factors, it's very dangerous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2050.1s	2050.1	 You know, I'm very worried about my parents and, you know, for people in that group, they have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2054.7s	2054.7	 take extreme precautions. But for young, healthy people without risk factors, it's not been that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2061.8s	2061.8	 deadly. It's very unpleasant. It's a very bad two weeks. But, you know, for example, if you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2067.7s	2067.7	 the data now on colleges coming back, there's been some reports that the virus is spreading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2074.4s	2074.4	 like wildfire on college campuses. That's true, but hospitalizations and deaths have not gone up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2079.3s	2079.3	 And so because it's just not that it's just not that deadly to younger people. And so I think this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2086.2s	2086.2	 idea of shutting down the whole economy to protect people at risk is just seems like overkill. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2092.2s	2092.2	 think if we had to do it all over again, we wouldn't have done lockdowns. We just would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2095.8s	2095.8	 protected at risk people. We've still consistently had a thousand deaths a day. We thought this might
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2102.8s	2102.8	 go down. What are your thoughts on Americans just being okay with that? That basic death toll,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2110.2s	2110.2	 Sax? Well, I mean, any death is obviously bad and tragic. And, you know, and statistically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2117.7s	2117.7	 there are going to be people who die even who are in the, you know, loaders group. So for sure. But,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2123.0s	2123.0	 you know, but we've had about 200,000 deaths. The original estimates from this virus were two to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2128.8s	2128.8	 three million. So it's I guess my point is not that it's not bad, but it's, you know, but that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2136.1s	2136.1	 it's, you know, much less deadly than I think was originally thought. There's an argument that that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2142.0s	2142.0	 not deaths directly attributable to coronavirus, right? And that the vast majority of those folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2148.6s	2148.6	 had comorbidities. And that, you know, the primary driver, this is an argument many have made, I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2154.7s	2154.7	 not going to take a strong point. But, you know, 85% plus of folks have significant comorbidities.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2162.6s	2162.6	 And, you know, this virus maybe kind of has a contributing factor to their death. But if let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2169.6s	2169.6	 assume everyone in the United States had coronavirus today, then every death that was reported today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2175.9s	2175.9	 would be reported as a coronavirus death. And so they're testing a lot of folks, you know, in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2182.7s	2182.7	 hospital finding that they have coronavirus. It's, you know, it's very difficult to then prove that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2187.9s	2187.9	 the reason that they died or the sole reason that they died was coronavirus. If you had to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2192.1s	2192.1	 pick a percentage for you, where would you put it? Half of all deaths, if you just had to guess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2196.2s	2196.2	 But that's my point is I don't think it's one thing, right? I'm not sure that it's someone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2200.6s	2200.6	 goes into the hospital with coronavirus, and they've also got severe diabetes, heart disease, cancer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2207.2s	2207.2	 they're on chemotherapy. I mean, you could list the other things that they might have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2210.8s	2210.8	 What caused their death? You know, you can't as a coroner, it's very difficult to say this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2215.4s	2215.4	 caused the death. But when they test that person, and they find that their coronavirus positive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2219.6s	2219.6	 that number is now being counted in the statistics that say that was a coronavirus death that day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2223.8s	2223.8	 And coronavirus is so prevalent in the United States right now. It's such a significant part
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2228.6s	2228.6	 of the population. It's also very difficult to say, hey, guys, like, you know, these deaths are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2233.7s	2233.7	 So I'm not trying to belittle the fact that people are absolutely dying, and they wouldn't have died,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2238.0s	2238.0	 if not for coronavirus that is absolutely happening. But it's very difficult to say what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2243.2s	2243.2	 is the net effect on life right now. We're still learning a lot about how this virus interacts with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2248.4s	2248.4	 different people based on their genetics, and based on their disease state and other factors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2253.6s	2253.6	 And let me ask you one more way for you, free burger, then I'll give it over to your mouth,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2257.0s	2257.0	 which is free burger, your estimation as a scientist, and somebody who's a man of science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2262.5s	2262.5	 on the call here. Are you optimistic about us coming out of coronavirus in 2021? And what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2271.6s	2271.6	 your best outlook for a return to normalcy? If you had to pick a time when it feels like we can go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2277.0s	2277.0	 to a Warriors game or play cards regularly, or go to the World Series of Poker? Wendy, do you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2282.6s	2282.6	 a time period where you think that could possibly happen? It's all politics and social behavior. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2287.6s	2287.6	 has nothing to do with science. After 9-11, there were no more serious terrorist attacks on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2292.6s	2292.6	 United States, but our fucking lives changed dramatically. We go sit in TSA lines and get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2297.5s	2297.5	 our asses swabbed when we get on an airplane now, and that's still going on 20 years later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2302.6s	2302.6	 So I'm pretty sure there's a lot of change that's here to stay in the US because of coronavirus,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2307.4s	2307.4	 and will be even after everyone gets vaccines and the deaths drop below 10 a day and yada yada. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2313.7s	2313.7	 you know, I'm not convinced that this is like, hey, here's the date, we're all going to be out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2317.8s	2317.8	 of it, and then we're safe because people are psychologically scarred. Behavior has changed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2321.8s	2321.8	 businesses have changed, the landscape of how we work as a society has changed, and that's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2325.8s	2325.8	 going away. So it's not like we're going to go back. I think it's like we're going forward into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2330.3s	2330.3	 a different world where we operate differently, much as what happened after 9-11. What's your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2334.8s	2334.8	 take on that, Shemap? I think that David's right that, you know, we're at butt for coronavirus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2341.0s	2341.0	 I think a lot of these people that died would still be alive. And so, you know, I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2345.7s	2345.7	 it really matters how much of the blame we're trying to ascribe to it. It's just that it was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2350.7s	2350.7	 meaningful, non-trivial contributing factor. So these deaths are avoidable, and we have to deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2357.1s	2357.1	 with that. The second is I don't think what we know what the peak to trough looks like, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2360.6s	2360.6	 we haven't really gone through a real full-blown flu season yet. You know, coronavirus came to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2367.1s	2367.1	 America at the tail end of the winter, and it's going to be, I think, tough to figure out what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2375.3s	2375.3	 it's going to do in October, November, December, January, February, when it's really cold in many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2379.6s	2379.6	 parts of the United States. And, you know, whatever affects, again, we still don't know it in totality,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2384.6s	2384.6	 but whatever affects the warm weather had in muting it, or whatever mutation muted it, may change. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2391.8s	2391.8	 I tend to think it's another 18 to 24 months of this posture. But Friedberg is really right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2397.9s	2397.9	 which is like, this is what's so sad, which is when you could point a finger and look at somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2403.7s	2403.7	 and say, you, you're the cause, it was much easier to react and create rules and create boundaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2410.8s	2410.8	 as uncomfortable or as inconvenient as they were and live by them. And because this is more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2415.7s	2415.7	 nameless and faceless, it's impossible. So-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2420.3s	2420.3	 All right. Well, here's some good news I was able to acquire. I've been on a little investigative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2426.6s	2426.6	 journalism kick asking people if they have access to rapid testing kits, i.e. they have them in Korea,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2433.8s	2433.8	 and I was able to get, and I'm curious your thoughts on this, Friedberg, the rapid response
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2438.7s	2438.7	 Liberty COVID-19 IGG slash IGM test cassettes. And they cost 15 to 20 bucks each and they take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2447.4s	2447.4	 10 minutes. They're easy to use. I mean, I've had those since March and they cost 50 cents each. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2456.5s	2456.5	 these are now officially available though, in the United States, you had those from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2461.6s	2461.6	 some other country, correct? I got from China and I got from the US and I got from Korea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2467.0s	2467.0	 And these things are just made everywhere, and they're like, these are the anti-virus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2471.6s	2471.6	 Are they accurate?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2472.4s	2472.4	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2472.9s	2472.9	 Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2474.1s	2474.1	 Yeah. So there's a paper that was published at UCSF. I got an acknowledgement because of my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2480.8s	2480.8	 donations to support the research and it showed that these tests have actually very good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2488.9s	2488.9	 specificity and the sensitivity is going to be, call it 85%. But these are antibody tests.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2497.8s	2497.8	 And further research has shown that not everyone has the same antibody response after getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2501.9s	2501.9	 infected. And there's a relationship between how severe the disease is for you and various other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2506.5s	2506.5	 factors. And these will only show up typically days to weeks after you get infected. The antigen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2513.9s	2513.9	 tests, which are the more common kind of ones that everyone's looking for now, are these tests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2518.5s	2518.5	 that can actually find the virus itself. And so they'll take a swab of your nose or some saliva
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2523.2s	2523.2	 from your mouth and see if there's any virus in there. And it's a much, much lower sensitivity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2528.8s	2528.8	 than the PCR test, which is the expensive lab test, but it can be done on a stick and it's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2533.7s	2533.7	 good enough thing for letting people in to say a football game. And a good friend of ours just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2539.0s	2539.0	 texted me and told me that they're doing this at the UT Austin game. They're using this antigen test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2544.0s	2544.0	 to let people into the football game today. So, or this weekend. So it's getting kind of more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2549.6s	2549.6	 widespread use. And so when we have those tests that scales, what will the world look like for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2554.2s	2554.2	 freeburg? I don't know, you'll get just like the TSA, you'll get swabbed. And you know, these things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2559.1s	2559.1	 it's great business to be in, by the way, if you guys, you know, want to spack a Korean antigen test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2565.4s	2565.4	 business, these things are going to sell like crazy. There's a company that I heard of through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2570.7s	2570.7	 a friend which had it's an Israeli company, I never followed up on it, which was effectively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2576.3s	2576.3	 a breathalyzer. Which would be, could you just imagine that would be incredible, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2582.0s	2582.0	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2582.5s	2582.5	 You just breathe in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2584.1s	2584.1	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2584.4s	2584.4	 Few seconds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2585.1s	2585.1	 We've talked about this in our chat group. There are startups like, was it Quidel,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2591.0s	2591.0	 Homo Deus, Q, who've got these little, you know, two or $300 little handheld readers and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2596.7s	2596.7	 cartridges are basically mouth swabs or lower nasal swabs, you know, cost 10 bucks. And I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2603.4s	2603.4	 you know, I think they'll be, they're going to be rolling out over the next few months. And assuming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2606.8s	2606.8	 we can scale the production of them, I think they will be everywhere. And, you know, I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2612.3s	2612.3	 it'll be a government mandated thing. So I don't think the government will get its act together,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2615.4s	2615.4	 but it'll be the kind of thing where you go shopping at a store or whatever, and there'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2619.4s	2619.4	 be early adopters or a restaurant, they'll start using it. People will realize, well, wait, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2623.7s	2623.7	 want to get swabbed three times a day. So then they'll get some sort of like receipt or voucher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2628.2s	2628.2	 they can take with them to the next place. And so I think, you know, I'm like, actually, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2633.2s	2633.2	 I think I'm more optimistic than you guys about COVID right now. I think that whether it's because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2637.8s	2637.8	 of these rapid tests or because of treatments coming, or just this fundamental fact about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2643.1s	2643.1	 co-morbidities, again, not absolving, not saying that COVID isn't serious, but this, the fact that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2648.2s	2648.2	 we've learned that it's, you know, that it's really deadly primarily for people who have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2653.9s	2653.9	 co-morbidities. I think for all of these reasons, I think COVID is going to be a distant memory by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2658.9s	2658.9	 next summer. I really do. I think- Behaviorally too?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2663.8s	2663.8	 What's that? You think behavioral changes as well, like businesses and movie theaters and sports?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2669.4s	2669.4	 Yeah, I think people will largely be back to what they were doing last summer or by next summer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2677.5s	2677.5	 I think we're going to have like, you know, call it a six-month period where, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2681.1s	2681.1	 we do these rapid tests just to make sure. And, but I think as the case rate starts dropping off,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2690.2s	2690.2	 things will kind of revert back to where they were. I mean, the question to ask is kind of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2695.4s	2695.4	 you know, which trends were there before COVID and have been accelerated? Like I would say the move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2700.8s	2700.8	 from like death of retail, the shift to e-commerce, that feels to me like it's here to stay. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2706.9s	2706.9	 food delivery, things like that. But there was no trend of people not going to sports games anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2712.4s	2712.4	 And I think like stuff like that will just snap right back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2715.4s	2715.4	 I don't know. I don't know about you guys. I'm still like feeling fucked up by the whole thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2718.8s	2718.8	 You don't really realize how much your psychology has changed until you kind of reflect on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2724.2s	2724.2	 decisions and behaviors. Like there's still a fear factor that I think needs to kind of be ironed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2728.9s	2728.9	 out. But, you know, we'll see how long it takes for people. It's just like, it's so different when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2733.8s	2733.8	 you're so used to just waking up and hopping on Zoom for work and avoiding people and putting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2738.2s	2738.2	 a mask on when you go walk your fucking dog. I mean, it's like, you know, it's going to be hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2743.1s	2743.1	 to kind of change out of that overnight. Well, I think there's, I think this idea of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2747.1s	2747.1	 greater flexibility around working arrangements, the ability to work from home, I think offices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2752.6s	2752.6	 will become a little bit more like co-working spaces for a single company where people come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2755.7s	2755.7	 in three days a week and work from home a couple of days a week. I think there'll be a permanent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2759.3s	2759.3	 flexibility. But I also think that people want to get back to work and they want back to offices.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2764.6s	2764.6	 They want to interact with people. And I think everyone's going to be excited to do that again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2769.3s	2769.3	 It's not like everyone's just going to be working from home forever. So I, you know, I think again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2776.3s	2776.3	 next summer is kind of my date for when things are back to normal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2782.9s	2782.9	 Well, this has been certainly driving a lot of our politics right now. You probably saw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2788.0s	2788.0	 the book that came out with the tapes of Trump saying that, you know, he was trying to play it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2795.9s	2795.9	 down, sacks as a lifelong Republican. What were your thoughts when the Republican presidential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2801.5s	2801.5	 candidate and the Republican president said, Hey, I'm trying to play this down when he was at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2808.1s	2808.1	 same time saying it was deadly serious. Does that make you worry about Trump as a candidate? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2813.0s	2813.0	 what do you think that's going to how that might play into the election? It must have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2815.7s	2815.7	 disappointing for you to hear your candidate Trump say at the same time, this is deadly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2820.6s	2820.6	 and I want to play it down. Well, Trump's leadership on this has been a little bit erratic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2825.4s	2825.4	 for sure. And by the way, let's go back and remind the viewers here that in the first pods we were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2830.1s	2830.1	 doing back in April, I think we kind of nailed what the right policy response should be. I wrote
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2834.3s	2834.3	 a blog on April 2nd, talking about that mass should be required that that was the right response. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2839.1s	2839.1	 we also said that lockdowns very quickly after the start of lockdown said that it was excessive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2845.7s	2845.7	 and that what we should do is be going all in on mass, not lockdowns. I certainly would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2850.2s	2850.2	 liked to have seen Trump get that right several months earlier. That being said, let's not forget
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2856.3s	2856.3	 everybody else who got this stuff wrong too. I mean, you look at CDC, or WHO, we had talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2864.7s	2864.7	 about this in our previous pod. I mean, WHO was also unclear about mass and Fauci, I guess,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2875.8s	2875.8	 now retroactively saying that he didn't think that mass were necessary because he was trying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2880.4s	2880.4	 to prevent a run on supplies. I mean, the whole response of the healthcare establishment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2887.9s	2887.9	 they were all like really bad. And so I have a greater degree of forgiveness for people who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2894.2s	2894.2	 made mistakes back in March or April. But what I think is hard to forgive now are these people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2899.9s	2899.9	 who are promoting the wrong policies now that we know so much more. And I mean, at this point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2905.7s	2905.7	 I think that COVID policy is a net plus for Trump in this campaign because the other side of it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2915.4s	2915.4	 these permanent lockdowns. There's just an article in, was it a foreign policy saying that we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2920.0s	2920.0	 to go back to lockdowns? And I think Biden said that we need to have lockdowns again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2924.7s	2924.7	 And his policy would be to listen to the experts, but all these experts again, were wrong about so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2929.4s	2929.4	 many things. And so again, I think this idea of permanent lockdowns, if that is the alternative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2938.0s	2938.0	 to Trump, will help Trump win. And so you don't think that this Woodward book and that kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2944.5s	2944.5	 stuff plays into the election or the debates in the coming weeks? I think it's sort of priced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2949.0s	2949.0	 into the stock. I mean, look, if it weren't for COVID, I think that if you go back to January,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2955.0s	2955.0	 February, when Trump gave that State of the Union speech, his ratings were the highest they had been,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2960.1s	2960.1	 the economy was on fire. It looked like he was on cruise control to winning re-election and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2967.0s	2967.0	 COVID happened and his ratings went down to their lowest point. And so I think he already paid the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2975.2s	2975.2	 price for the, let's call it inconsistent leadership that Woodward described. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2982.7s	2982.7	 that's priced in. And now the question is if the economy gets good enough, fast enough,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2988.0s	2988.0	 and the other side is on the side of lockdowns and Trump is on the side of reopening,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2994.5s	2994.5	 again, I think COVID policy becomes a net plus for him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=2997.1s	2997.1	 Chmotha 538 has in its simulation 77 wins and 100 for Biden. You think that's accurate?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3005.9s	3005.9	 Yeah. I mean, I think that until the debates, I think that this thing is basically where it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3011.4s	3011.4	 been for a long time. And if Biden flubs the debate and basically comes out as, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3019.8s	3019.8	 intellectually too inconsistent to be voted in by a plurality of Americans, he's done for and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3024.6s	3024.6	 Trump's going to win. So he can't have these verbal gaffes and basically seem like he's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3031.9s	3031.9	 senile octogenarian. If he does come off that way, he's going to lose. But if he doesn't,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3037.0s	3037.0	 and look, many of the moments you see him now, he's actually pretty crisp.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3042.2s	3042.2	 That probably gets the job done because like I said, I think more people just want a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3046.6s	3046.6	 non-Trump alternative than want the Trump alternative, even within the Republican Party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3052.4s	3052.4	 Look, like preference falsification can cut both ways. All the people that said they weren't going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3057.0s	3057.0	 to vote for him, but then did. There's also probably a cohort of people that now feel obligated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3063.7s	3063.7	 when they came out of the woodwork as supporting him. Now they just feel like it's easier to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3067.8s	3067.8	 publicly supporting him, but then they may go the other way. So it all kind of works in both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3072.8s	3072.8	 directions. But I still think on the margin, Biden is the favorite.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3079.6s	3079.6	 And how different will the world look, Chamath, in your estimation under a Biden presidency?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3085.5s	3085.5	 We get to January 1st. How different does the country feel? Is it going to be some great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3090.1s	3090.1	 relief? Is it going to be some great joy like when Obama won? What do you think the feeling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3095.0s	3095.0	 is in the country and the reality is? All these things are emotional overreactions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3099.5s	3099.5	 in both directions. The reality is that if you actually graft substantive policy that affects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3107.1s	3107.1	 your everyday life, the magnitude of the impact of the presidency has been shrinking since the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3112.7s	3112.7	 1980s. I think the most impactful president of our lifetimes, our lifetimes, so 70s onwards,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3121.0s	3121.0	 was Reagan. And it's basically been decaying ever since. And so I think that the job of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3129.4s	3129.4	 presidency is mostly window dressing, except for foreign policy. That matters less and less. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3136.1s	3136.1	 I'll tell you why that matters less and less, because all the things that the president used to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3140.1s	3140.1	 really govern, like foreign policy was a byproduct of a whole bunch of other things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3143.6s	3143.6	 For example, our entire posture on the Middle East, which has been a fucking shit show,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3149.0s	3149.0	 or our entire posture on Russia, was in part because of our energy policy. And in a world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3154.6s	3154.6	 of sustainable energy, those entire regions are not important anymore. So it doesn't matter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3160.6s	3160.6	 We can let them basically fend for themselves. We do not need to be involved.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3163.4s	3163.4	 They're going to. They're going to devolve because they're going to have to suck out all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3166.2s	3166.2	 the oil out of the ground to try to monetize it before wind and solar and everything else become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3170.5s	3170.5	 the dominant form of energy. And so if you take energy policy off the table, all of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3175.5s	3175.5	 the national security interests to care about large swaths of the world go to zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3179.6s	3179.6	 Right. So then there's less and less for the president to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3181.9s	3181.9	 Window to monetize. Pretty short, isn't it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3184.3s	3184.3	 Yes. So my point is the surface area of the impact of the president is shrinking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3190.8s	3190.8	 And it shrinks as technology. But like, if you think about it, what is driving foreign policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3195.3s	3195.3	 and national security policy changes over the last 10, 15 years, definitely over the next 40 or 50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3200.1s	3200.1	 is technology. Right. If we get, if we get, for example, if we get any form of like carbon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3205.2s	3205.2	 sequestration at scale broadly available, you're going to have a complete resurgence of Western
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3211.8s	3211.8	 economies. If that technology is invented in the United States or Western Europe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3216.2s	3216.2	 Freeberg quickly, you'd think that Biden is going to win. And then what do you think the country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3223.1s	3223.1	 feels and looks like into a Biden presidency? And then let's move over to energy and sustainable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3230.2s	3230.2	 energy and carbon after that. I don't know. You know, I'll say the same thing I've said in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3235.8s	3235.8	 past. I don't think the notion of a sense of relief is realistic. I don't think this is about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3242.5s	3242.5	 people think it's about Trump, but Trump is the product of what it's all really about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3248.1s	3248.1	 So I'll just, you know, kind of highlight, I think, you know, Biden is a column,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3252.7s	3252.7	 instead of thinking about things as Democrats and Republicans and left and right, if we think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3256.3s	3256.3	 it as kind of populism and free marketism, and in the middle of centrism, you know, we're probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3262.5s	3262.5	 taking a notch towards centrism. And at the end of the day, the march towards populism seems to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3271.0s	3271.0	 continuing. And you know, whether Trump is kind of the product of that march, or maybe the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3276.6s	3276.6	 one will be Elizabeth Warren or AOC, it's kind of the same thing, in my opinion. But I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3281.8s	3281.8	 the bigger kind of concern is, you know, how do we, again, keep general, generally keep most people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3289.0s	3289.0	 in the United States feeling like they can progress in life, feeling like they can find happiness in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3293.4s	3293.4	 life, and feeling like there's opportunity for them to kind of, you know, achieve their objectives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3300.1s	3300.1	 And if they don't feel like they're getting it, they're going to try and wrap it all up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3303.8s	3303.8	 And unions will continue to scale and AOC will become the vice presidential nominee in 2024.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3310.6s	3310.6	 And yeah, they got a free break. What are your thoughts on the wildfires, global warming and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3314.9s	3314.9	 the politics of all that? And then we'll go to cancel culture with you, sex.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3322.4s	3322.4	 California has 33 million acres of forest land, it's about 100 million acres in total land. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3329.1s	3329.1	 forest make up about a third of our land. So far, we're burning three and a half million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3334.3s	3334.3	 So about 10% of our acres. When we burn an acre, we release about 15% of the carbon that's stored
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3344.1s	3344.1	 in that acre into the atmosphere. So thus far, if you do the math on that, we've released about as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3349.6s	3349.6	 much co2 as we've as the California cars released in a year by the wildfires. And the politics we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3356.9s	3356.9	 seeing play out. So it's a significant problem. But over the last 40 years, we've added about a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3362.7s	3362.7	 quarter ton of carbon to each acre per year. And the reason we've done that is we haven't kind of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3370.2s	3370.2	 you know, lit fires and managed the forests and cut down trees. And there's been all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3376.2s	3376.2	 restrictions in California. So there's an argument that some are making that this is about forest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3380.7s	3380.7	 management. And then there's an argument that others are making that this is about climate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3383.8s	3383.8	 change and dry weather and hot weather causing the fires. And the reality is it's both. But it's as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3389.0s	3389.0	 everything else in this country right now becoming highly politicized that and you know, Trump visited
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3394.6s	3394.6	 Newsom in a very kind of symbolic gathering this week. I don't know if you guys saw the packet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3399.0s	3399.0	 that was handed out to Trump. It was awesome. It was like 24 point font. And it was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3404.5s	3404.5	 I mean, you guys got to see it. It's awesome. The little packet he got. And then and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3420.8s	3420.8	 Newsom sat like exactly six feet from him with a mask on and Trump sitting there without the mask on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3425.1s	3425.1	 I mean, it's such a fucking political circus. And, you know, I think all things are true and all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3430.8s	3430.8	 things are false and we can move on. Well, the debate on the fires is I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3438.4s	3438.4	 the debate has become sort of climate change versus forest management. You know, that's sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3445.3s	3445.3	 of the debate about it. And like most of these debates, you don't necessarily have to choose.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3450.6s	3450.6	 There can be an element of truth on both sides. You know, regardless of how much climate change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3456.4s	3456.4	 has caused these fires, we've done a very, very poor job in the state managing them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3460.3s	3460.3	 And, you know, this idea that we can just fix global warming and or wait, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3464.9s	3464.9	 not have good forest management until, you know, and just kind of wait for global warming to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3469.5s	3469.5	 fixed is I mean, that's a really stupid idea. So regardless of how much climate change is to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3475.0s	3475.0	 the cause of this, I think we need a much more competent state reaction to, you know, to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3481.6s	3481.6	 fact these fires. Do you believe in global warming, David Sacks? I believe in the, you know, in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3486.6s	3486.6	 greenhouse, the greenhouse gas theory and that, yeah, that it's, you know, that manmade CO2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3491.8s	3491.8	 emissions are going to have an impact on the environment. I think that, you know, what's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3495.3s	3495.3	 little bit hard to know is the exact timing and magnitudes of some of these things. But I agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3500.2s	3500.2	 with what Elon said, which is that we're running a very high risk experiment here, continually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3506.8s	3506.8	 putting out, you know, CO2 greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Why is it so difficult for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3512.8s	3512.8	 Republican Party? And I feel like you're almost straining and couching your words there, David,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3518.2s	3518.2	 that you believe in global warming. You believe in what Elon's saying is not worth doing this for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3522.2s	3522.2	 risk. Why do Republicans seem to have such an aversion to just saying, hey, global warming's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3527.7s	3527.7	 a thing and we need to fix it? Because Democrats wrapped those words around them like a flag. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3534.9s	3534.9	 so it became a political issue, like with everything else. I mean, I think so again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3541.2s	3541.2	 we have this false choice now of whether you want to save the environment or save the economy. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3548.3s	3548.3	 the problem is, I think a lot of Republicans don't want to concede the issue. Oh, hey, little guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3555.7s	3555.7	 A lot of Republicans don't want to concede the issue because they're afraid it'll lead to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3558.2s	3558.2	 something like the Green New Deal. And so what we need to do is figure out some responses to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3563.4s	3563.4	 the problem that don't require us to destroy the economy. Right. And for you, if we did incentives,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3571.0s	3571.0	 if the country spent incentive sacks to get solar on roofs and stuff like that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3574.5s	3574.5	 you wouldn't be opposed to it, would you? You mean like taxing carbon emissions?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3579.7s	3579.7	 Or just giving discounts on putting solar in, subsidizing solar for people's houses,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3584.6s	3584.6	 or maybe the middle ground of creating more nuclear reactors, which seems like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3588.0s	3588.0	 something that neither party can agree to. Hold on, little guy. Sorry, I got a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3593.8s	3593.8	 of a podcast. Okay. Sorry. Who from? Yeah. Look, I think to the extent that carbon emissions are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3605.2s	3605.2	 an externality, the traditional way of dealing with this is you would internalize the externality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3610.3s	3610.3	 by placing sort of tax or penalty on that. But so look, would I rather tax carbon emissions than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3616.9s	3616.9	 something else? Yes. I mean, but the only way you're going to get something like that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3620.5s	3620.5	 through is if you agree to something like a one for one tax reduction in other areas,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3624.9s	3624.9	 right? Because there's this other larger debate about what else should be taxed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3630.5s	3630.5	 What about you, Chamath? What are your thoughts on solving global warming and this polarized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3635.0s	3635.0	 sort of Republican Democrat? If you believe in global warming, you're not a Republican.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3641.8s	3641.8	 I think that this is the most correlated thing with a healthy economy, because I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3648.0s	3648.0	 whoever solves climate change or the set of solutions that solve climate change, first of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3652.7s	3652.7	 all, they'll be unbelievably economically successful. They will employ enormous numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3659.1s	3659.1	 of people and they'll have a really profound legacy in the world. So the question is how to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3666.5s	3666.5	 do it. And I think the problem is right now, there's, David, I think actually puts the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3672.2s	3672.2	 lens on the topic, which is right now, we don't even have enough canonical data so that there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3676.6s	3676.6	 a single source of truth that we can all rely on. And not having to judge it as climate change,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3681.3s	3681.3	 I think is an important step, which would just mean having a longitudinal measurement of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3685.3s	3685.3	 temperature and having a longitudinal measurement of everything from PM2.5 to PM10 to carbon,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3693.3s	3693.3	 methane, all of the other normal sort of emissions, nitrous oxide, all this stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3698.0s	3698.0	 so that then you can just understand what men and women as part of the human race are doing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3706.6s	3706.6	 fuck with the counterfactual, because the counterfactual is if we were just living normal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3710.5s	3710.5	 chill lives. And so once you understand that, then you can figure out how to at least mitigate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3716.2s	3716.2	 that back to what the counterfactual would have been or do it even better. I think the best thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3721.4s	3721.4	 again, we talked about this in a pod a couple of weeks ago, or a couple of months ago, the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3725.4s	3725.4	 thing the governments can do is introduce incentives. And I think the most meaningful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3731.5s	3731.5	 incentives here are not at the consumer level, but they're more upstream. So if you take something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3737.1s	3737.1	 like cement, cement, which is responsible for I think 20% of all the carbon emissions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3743.0s	3743.0	 is a really pernicious industry because they are very local. They operate within 300 local kilometers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3749.8s	3749.8	 of every place where you ship cement to make concrete and whatnot. And when you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3754.6s	3754.6	 where the emissions are, they're at a very specific part of the chain, which is effectively impossible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3760.3s	3760.3	 to mitigate. So you have to have a level of material science improvement to really move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3766.0s	3766.0	 things away from cement altogether. Well, just knowing that, you're going to have to have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3771.0s	3771.0	 incentives that a government creates to pull that forward. Another example is when you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3775.7s	3775.7	 manufacturing, all the shit that we all love, I don't care whether you like fucking normal pants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3781.2s	3781.2	 or hemp pants, when you go back and you look at how H&M makes those pants, there's our high
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3786.3s	3786.3	 temperature processes that are burning fossil fuels, they're emitting all kinds of really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3790.9s	3790.9	 terrible junk into the environment. And so it doesn't matter whether you're vegan per se,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3796.5s	3796.5	 you're not going to go around unclothed, you're not going to not use spoons. So all of that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3801.4s	3801.4	 the totality of all of that, we need to completely reinvent high temperature manufacturing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3806.1s	3806.1	 That's not going to happen unless the government steps in because for example, take something as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3809.8s	3809.8	 simple as steel. You know, it's a tragedy of the commons, right? I mean, basically is if, if,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3816.1s	3816.1	 if no individual can make a major impact, maybe they won't. Friedberg, you think we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3823.7s	3823.7	 all the technology we need to do this, and it's really just a matter of incentives and deployment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3827.7s	3827.7	 right now in terms of global warming or stemming global warming? Is that a correct statement that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3831.6s	3831.6	 we have the technology we just haven't deployed? Correct. Correct. And I think it's 100% correct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3836.6s	3836.6	 Unpack it. Well, what I will say is we have the science, the engineering and the resourcing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3845.0s	3845.0	 and then the market are the kind of unresolved, right? And so resourcing is capital. The market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3851.1s	3851.1	 can be created artificially by putting in place government subsidies or having the government be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3855.4s	3855.4	 a customer. Or you just have to wait a long enough period of time. If you listen to the Tim Ferriss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3863.8s	3863.8	 interview with Coke, which one was it Charles Coke? He talks about how ultimately consumers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3870.7s	3870.7	 will vote with their dollars if climate change is real and global warming is starting to have an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3874.8s	3874.8	 effect on planet Earth. And we're seeing that right? We're seeing people make a switch to a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3879.2s	3879.2	 vegetarian diet. We're seeing people buy Teslas. We're seeing people make choices for sustainability.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3884.0s	3884.0	 So the free market is resolving and will resolve climate change is the argument that some libertarians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3889.5s	3889.5	 might make. And then I think the science is- Is that true in your mind, Freeberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3894.1s	3894.1	 Do you buy that? I think it's, I'll be honest with you. I've been fucking shocked by how many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3898.2s	3898.2	 people are choosing to pay a premium for vegetarian meat alternatives. I was wrong on this. I bet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3902.8s	3902.8	 against these companies eight years ago. I didn't bet against them, but I chose not to bet for them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3907.0s	3907.0	 because I made the argument consumers will only buy stuff that's cheaper and taste as good. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3911.7s	3911.7	 I was wrong. Millions of consumers are going to Burger King and buying a veggie burger now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3917.1s	3917.1	 which wasn't the case. And we're seeing this across the world. And they're doing this out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3920.6s	3920.6	 of a crisis of consciousness, right? Like you're saying. That's right. It's a behavioral change.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3925.3s	3925.3	 Wow. Because they, yeah, that's what they want in the market. That's what they want to spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3929.3s	3929.3	 their money on. They want to spend their money on having a nicer world. It's just like when people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3934.0s	3934.0	 will spend a premium amount of money on a nice suit, it makes them look good and feel good. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3937.7s	3937.7	 the same sort of notion. I feel good when I'm buying a Tesla. I feel good when I'm buying a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3942.5s	3942.5	 veggie burger instead of a meat burger, knowing that it is harming my people around me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3947.2s	3947.2	 I couldn't bring myself to buy a carbon-based ice engine. Recently, I was thinking about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3954.1s	3954.1	 if I'm in Tahoe and I need to go off-road or there's no conditions, I need to have a car for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3959.0s	3959.0	 And I'm picking up the Model Y with the dual engine and putting snow tires on it, as opposed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3963.8s	3963.8	 to getting the new Jeep Wrangler or the new Defender. But whether it's biomanufacturing or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3972.6s	3972.6	 synthetic meats, I think we're not just in a point where we have to create luxury markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3979.4s	3979.4	 I think we are going to disrupt commodity markets. And I think we're going to do that this decade.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3984.4s	3984.4	 And it's going to blow people's fucking mind when everything you're eating looks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3989.0s	3989.0	 tastes, and feels the same and it's cheaper and it was just made in a more sustainable way using
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3993.9s	3993.9	 bioengineering, which is the ability to write the physical world with software, except it's realized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=3999.9s	3999.9	 through genomics. And it's an incredible thing that we're seeing now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4002.5s	4002.5	 How much of this is the generational shift? GenX seemed pretty absorbed with our own projects and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4008.2s	4008.2	 a little bit of consciousness, but these millennials are now getting into their 30s. And they're 35
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4013.0s	4013.0	 years old, the oldest millennials, and they seem to be incredibly focused on the environment and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4017.8s	4017.8	 doing what's right. This is a generational shift in your mind, Friedberg?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4021.8s	4021.8	 No, I think this is just the slow march of humanity's ability to master our world in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4027.8s	4027.8	 technology. And, you know, look, let me just give you a scenario. Chamath kind of says,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4034.4s	4034.4	 we're going to decarbonize the atmosphere. If we could build an algae or a seaweed from scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4041.4s	4041.4	 or using some basis and use software to resolve what's the right sort of seaweed to create,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4045.8s	4045.8	 that will grow like crazy in the oceans. When it gets heavy, it sinks to the bottom of the ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4050.8s	4050.8	 and it literally just pulls carbon out of the atmosphere and drops to these 40,000 foot deep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4055.8s	4055.8	 or 4,000 foot deep kind of wells we have already built around 70% of planet Earth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4061.2s	4061.2	 We have the tools to do that. Again, the engineering and the capital to do that. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4065.8s	4065.8	 then the market for is there a market for that? It doesn't. If governments are like, it's a crisis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4069.7s	4069.7	 let's put a billion dollars into this like we did in the Apollo program. We will get that done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4075.2s	4075.2	 in five years. I mean, there's just there's no shortage of tools and science to be able to resolve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4080.3s	4080.3	 that sort of a problem today, much like we're about to produce a coronavirus vaccine in a matter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4085.4s	4085.4	 of months after discovering the virus, which is unprecedented. So our ability to kind of read
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4091.3s	4091.3	 genomics and write genomics and as a result, create biological machines that can do things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4095.8s	4095.8	 in the physical world and self propagate gives us this incredible toolkit humans never had at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4100.9s	4100.9	 its disposal before. And it will be the way that we'll resolve climate change. And it will,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4105.4s	4105.4	 in the meantime, we're going to bridge the gap between here and there by creating these nice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4108.6s	4108.6	 luxury markets. By the way, here's an incredible example. So when you look at sort of where,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4114.6s	4114.6	 methane is a really problematic greenhouse gas and most of the methane emissions are from cows,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4121.2s	4121.2	 but it's from enteric fermentation, which is fancy language for burping.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4126.4s	4126.4	 And what's incredible is there are now efforts to use CRISPR to genetically engineer cows that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4134.2s	4134.2	 don't necessarily have that same gut biome, you know, dynamic so that you're burping methane.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4140.6s	4140.6	 That there's also feed that you can actually give a cow that will minimize methane emissions burping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4145.7s	4145.7	 by 30 or 40%. All these things are to your point, David, they're so fantastical if you think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4151.8s	4151.8	 it, but they're possible today. And we just need to organize and get a kind of like a center of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4156.3s	4156.3	 gravity around these things and they'll happen. Can we get Jason the human version of that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4161.0s	4161.0	 Does it also cover tooting?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4166.4s	4166.4	 Does it work for phalanges? Interestingly, Chris Sock had tweeted about investing in a company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4170.3s	4170.3	 called Running Tide, which grows kelp and will suck carbon from the atmosphere. And he just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4176.6s	4176.6	 sinks it to the ocean floor and they're selling carbon offsets by putting seaweed on the ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4180.9s	4180.9	 floor. So such a no brainer, right? I mean, like the ocean is so big and it's this like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4186.9s	4186.9	 it's not getting in the way of land where you don't have to go figure out licenses and rights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4190.6s	4190.6	 You got to basically get carbon to go into the ocean. And so then you basically need an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4194.6s	4194.6	 organism that can grow and self propagate quickly and radically accumulate biomass in the ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4200.5s	4200.5	 and then figure out how to get rid of it. So the best way to get rid of it is have it sink.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4204.0s	4204.0	 It's got to be some sort of seaweed or kelp or algae and you just put it in the open ocean and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4208.2s	4208.2	 it'll propagate. I mean, that's just such a great obvious, and there's a thousand scenarios like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4213.3s	4213.3	 that, that I think we're going to kind of creatively come up with and resolve here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4217.8s	4217.8	 Nuclear not even on the discussion, Freberg. I'm curious, like, is it just too tainted?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4224.4s	4224.4	 The work I've done on nuclear, it used to cost something like some number of dollars to get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4230.1s	4230.1	 nuclear power plant through the regulatory barriers in the United States. And now it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4234.0s	4234.0	 so cost prohibitive. It's something like $10 billion now from maybe, you know, 100 million,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4239.4s	4239.4	 you know, two decades ago. There's something about the regulatory barriers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4242.9s	4242.9	 Well, there's a huge, there's a huge NIMBY problem, right? I mean, who wants a nuclear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4247.1s	4247.1	 power plant in their backyard? Nobody. I mean, nobody wants it, Jason. But I agree with like the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4252.3s	4252.3	 larger point here that the solution to the problem is ultimately going to be all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4255.6s	4255.6	 new technologies, these innovative solutions, not making people feel bad for consuming and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4261.4s	4261.4	 you know, being alive. You know, you look at Tesla and it's moving the whole world to electric cars,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4269.0s	4269.0	 not with a government mandate, but just by creating a better car. And so it's ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4273.1s	4273.1	 going to be technology companies, you know, increasing the solution set and giving people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4280.1s	4280.1	 new choices. That's how we're going to ultimately solve the problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4283.6s	4283.6	 And interestingly, in the news, New Scale is creating small nuclear reactors and they just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4289.1s	4289.1	 got approval. This is a, the Portland based New Scale powers. They had a small modular reactor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4296.9s	4296.9	 that has been approved by the U.S. Department of Energy for a site in Eastern Idaho. We'll see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4302.4s	4302.4	 if that ever comes online, but it does seem like small nuclear reactors could solve part of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4307.1s	4307.1	 NIMBY problem in that they're smaller. So if something were to go wrong, we would have some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4312.8s	4312.8	 ability to contain or have a smaller footprint in a disaster like situation. Let's wrap with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4318.3s	4318.3	 Overton window. Chamath talked about it closing and Sachs, there was a good article, The Taxonomy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4324.2s	4324.2	 of Fear that you shared with the group. Tell us a little bit about that article, The Taxonomy of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4329.1s	4329.1	 Fear by Emily Yoff. I think it's her name. Yeah, she's a writer for The Atlantic who wrote this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4335.0s	4335.0	 called The Taxonomy of Fear and Persuasion. I think it's an important article. What it does is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4339.1s	4339.1	 analyze cancel culture and the language that's used to cancel people. And one of the things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4347.5s	4347.5	 she diagnoses is what she calls safetyism, which is anytime somebody doesn't like what, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4355.3s	4355.3	 an idea or what somebody else is saying, they claim that their safety is being threatened by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4359.1s	4359.1	 that idea. And it's kind of invoking these magic words that HR has come up with where, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4366.2s	4366.2	 if anyone is creating an unsafe work environment or an unsafe college campus, well, the source
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4373.3s	4373.3	 of the problem has to be removed immediately. And so this is the language of cancel culture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4380.2s	4380.2	 And, you know, the problem with it is that it doesn't really matter what the intent of the person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4385.6s	4385.6	 was or, you know, intent sort of irrelevant or whether the objection is reasonable or not,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4393.3s	4393.3	 you know, whether it causes it, whether it actually, you know, threatens anyone's safety.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4399.0s	4399.0	 And so there's an example of this when 50 prominent sort of writers, intellectuals wrote a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4405.1s	4405.1	 letter to Harper's magazine, including J.K. Rowling and Matt Iglesias, who's a co-founder of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4413.0s	4413.0	 Vox. And so there was a, you know, there's a trans writer, there's a writer who's a trans person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4421.6s	4421.6	 at Vox who claims that her safety was threatened because one of the co-founders had signed this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4426.7s	4426.7	 letter. The letter didn't discuss trans issues. It was simply the fact that Iglesias had signed it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4433.8s	4433.8	 along with J.K. Rowling. And so J.K. Rowling apparently is, you know, radioactive. Yeah. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4441.8s	4441.8	 miss this part of Harry Potter, but apparently the trans movement is really against her.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4449.4s	4449.4	 Women who were born biologically female are different than women who transition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4454.8s	4454.8	 Right. And that's her position, but her position is being attributed to Iglesias by association.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4465.1s	4465.1	 Yeah, exactly. And so that would be like saying that I'm in support of Trump just because I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4470.5s	4470.5	 on this podcast with you, Sacks. To be clear. Yes. It's contamination. It's contamination by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4475.7s	4475.7	 association. Is what she calls it. What are your thoughts on this sort of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4479.9s	4479.9	 you know, cancel culture and everybody being scared of words and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4484.7s	4484.7	 this will be if Trump wins in November, it'll be because this whole thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4492.3s	4492.3	 just gets too much for too many people. There is a massive plurality of people in the middle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4497.9s	4497.9	 who think this over-wretching sensitivity by the extreme left and the extreme right are just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4506.9s	4506.9	 completely out to lunch. And I think that, by the way, the extreme left and the extreme right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4517.1s	4517.1	 they should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just useless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4521.7s	4521.7	 fuckwits anyways. All of them, both of them on the extreme light. Like when Antifa and the alt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4526.5s	4526.5	 right are fighting with each other, it's like this like sexual tension that they just need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4529.7s	4529.7	 to release somehow. Thanks for tuning in to the All In Podcast. I mean, most people are in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4536.6s	4536.6	 middle. Most people don't need to have this like us or them. You know, it's like you're not allowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4543.8s	4543.8	 to have an opinion. Like I actually learn more from people that I disagree with just by hearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4548.5s	4548.5	 them and not trying to judge them. And I think that most of us as well have our views that are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4553.7s	4553.7	 sort of moderately in the middle. So for example, there was a USC professor that got sanctioned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4558.8s	4558.8	 because he was trying to, he was teaching a language class and he used the Chinese word for that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4563.8s	4563.8	 which sounds like the N word. And I think he didn't preface it correctly or what have you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4568.3s	4568.3	 but then, you know, he apologized, he was suspended and folks wrote a letter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4573.8s	4573.8	 Now everybody has a right. The people who felt offended have the right to write the letter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4580.5s	4580.5	 The administration had the right to react. And then I think people read that article and think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4585.2s	4585.2	 to themselves, is this actually the, has the pendulum swung too far or not? And,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4592.7s	4592.7	 and mark my words, if people feel that the pendulum has swung too far, they will elect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4597.8s	4597.8	 Donald Trump because he is the complete antithesis of giving a shit about any of this stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4604.5s	4604.5	 So that will be the bellwether. No, that's exactly right. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4608.4s	4608.4	 it's really important. I think there's a large part of the country that feels that Trump is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4612.8s	4612.8	 shield, not a sword, that he is their protector against this type of cancel culture. And I know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4618.2s	4618.2	 Trump seems like an instigator and he's very threatening to a lot of people on the other side,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4622.6s	4622.6	 but again, to these people, he's more of a shield. And I think it's not just the fact that he speaks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4627.8s	4627.8	 out and denounces cancel culture that makes him a hero to these people. It's his, his superpower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4632.9s	4632.9	 is his uncancellability. It's this, you know, it's the fact that the left has done everything they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4638.2s	4638.2	 can to try and get rid of this guy, to impeach him, what have you. And he keeps,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4642.2s	4642.2	 and he keeps surviving. And so it's, it's, it's his very, you know, uncancellability that makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4646.6s	4646.6	 him such a hero to these people. And I think this is the thing that the, the, the left or the media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4651.7s	4651.7	 doesn't quite understand is that denouncing Trump in ever more hysterical terms doesn't, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4658.2s	4658.2	 it doesn't work because it kind of feeds into this. It actually hurts. It actually forces,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4662.6s	4662.6	 it adds more, it adds more people to his cohort who say you're overreacting. Right. Right. Exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4669.0s	4669.0	 The hystericalness of overreacting, like I tweeted, I've been on this, you know, mini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4675.1s	4675.1	 tweet effort to tell people, listen, there are Chromebooks in the world. They're very cheap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4680.2s	4680.2	 90% of the Americans are, excuse me, on the internet high speed. And there are so many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4687.0s	4687.0	 online resources for you to get ahead in life. Go try to be a marketer, go to Khan Academy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4692.8s	4692.8	 go learn UX and design. These are the clearest paths into the technology industry. And I get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4697.6s	4697.6	 hysterical liberals who say people don't have access to the internet. People don't have access
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4702.2s	4702.2	 to Chromebooks and people don't have the free time or the motivation to improve their lot in life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4707.0s	4707.0	 And it's like, are you, who are you talking about? Because 90% of the country has access to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4712.5s	4712.5	 internet and uses it already. And if you go and do a search for a Chromebook on eBay, a used one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4719.0s	4719.0	 you can find one for 50 to 150 bucks. So we have this narrative that people cannot rise up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4724.7s	4724.7	 and people cannot improve themselves. And every time I say, I believe people can improve themselves,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4728.5s	4728.5	 people say that I'm like a racist, that I believe that people could improve themselves. And it just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4734.0s	4734.0	 makes me further away from the Democratic Party. It makes me further away from the left.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4738.4s	4738.4	 Right. I think this, I'm going to put out a crazy idea, which is that I think if Donald Trump wins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4747.1s	4747.1	 in a meaningful way in November, I don't think he will. But if he does, the actual silver lining
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4754.5s	4754.5	 for everybody is I think the Republican Party will disintegrate and the Democratic Party will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4760.1s	4760.1	 disintegrate. And in its place, I think you'll probably have three or four parties. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4766.9s	4766.9	 that that would be amazing. So it's the burn it all down vote, which was Peter Thiel's idea from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4771.6s	4771.6	 the beginning was like, I think Sachs and Thiel when they coordinated this Trump election, it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4775.6s	4775.6	 all burn it down, right Sachs? That was your star chamber discussion with Thiel, which you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4781.2s	4781.2	 wanted to burn it all down. I think you're trying to, I think what you're doing is contamination by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4785.7s	4785.7	 association there. Just because you went to college with Peter Thiel. When's the last time you talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4791.6s	4791.6	 to Peter Thiel? No, Peter's a friend of mine, but I don't, but again, and I agree with him about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4796.5s	4796.5	 some things. I disagree with him about other things, but the idea, but this idea that we can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4802.6s	4802.6	 hang out with people, you know, or that hanging out with people means that we must endorse every
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4807.8s	4807.8	 view they have. Like, why is it even relevant that I'm friends with Peter? Like we are, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4813.4s	4813.4	 for example, we're friends in our group chat with a couple of guys who are very far right. We're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4818.8s	4818.8	 going to name who they are. But I would say that I think that the group chat is better off for them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4825.9s	4825.9	 being able to say what they believe and push back. And just like there's a bunch of us who are in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4830.2s	4830.2	 middle and we waffle back and forth between the left and the right. And then there are folks that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4833.6s	4833.6	 are more on the far right, far left, or on the left. So I just think that we forget that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4840.6s	4840.6	 is enormous value in the diversity of thought. And people think that there is some sort of safety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4851.0s	4851.0	 and conformity. And in fact, I'll tell you, that's actually the exact opposite. You're more likely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4858.8s	4858.8	 to be in conflict with someone that you are very similar to, because eventually you will always end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4864.8s	4864.8	 up competing for the exact same resource and that resource becomes scarce. If you are actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4869.8s	4869.8	 spending time with people that are divergent and different from you, you actually end up not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4875.0s	4875.0	 competing for the same resources because you're one second, you're built differently. So there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4880.2s	4880.2	 just less conflict. So this is why multi-party systems work. This is why you have less fighting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4886.7s	4886.7	 when there's in Canada and Europe than you do in the United States, because the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4893.2s	4893.2	 tries to reduce things down to two choices. And so we all all of a sudden just glom into these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4899.3s	4899.3	 pools that are seemingly similar and we just end up hating each other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4903.1s	4903.1	 Freberg, any final thoughts on cancel culture?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4907.2s	4907.2	 Yeah, I think it's just going to be bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4912.3s	4912.3	 I totally agree with Jamal that if Trump wins the election, this will be the reason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4917.5s	4917.5	 The same thing happened when the Republicans overplayed their hand with Bill Clinton.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4920.8s	4920.8	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4921.4s	4921.4	 And it was said at that time that Clinton was always very fortunate in who his enemies were,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4926.9s	4926.9	 because no matter what he did wrong or how badly he screwed up, his enemies always made too big a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4932.1s	4932.1	 deal of it or they overreacted and it played into his hands. And I have to wonder if that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4937.0s	4937.0	 what's happening right now with this whole cancel culture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4940.3s	4940.3	 Yeah. All right. Well, we'll leave it at that. We've gone over an hour. If you're listening to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4944.3s	4944.3	 the All In podcast and you'd like to advertise, it's not possible. There's no ads on this podcast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4950.2s	4950.2	 And if you'd like to be a guest on the podcast, that's also not possible. There's no guests.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4955.1s	4955.1	 So send your advertising and guest requests to jamal at spackspackspack.org.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4963.3s	4963.3	 Breaking news right now, there is a TechCrunch story that just broke while we're on air.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4968.4s	4968.4	 Can't Stop, Won't Stop, Social Capital, just followed for its fourth SPAC.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4973.4s	4973.4	 If you're into SPACs, that's not the article. The article is, Jamath launches SPAC.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4981.1s	4981.1	 No, that's not the other one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4982.3s	4982.3	 As he SPACs the world with SPACs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4984.4s	4984.4	 Yeah. We just announced three. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4986.6s	4986.6	 Oh, you just announced number three.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4988.0s	4988.0	 No, no, no. Three, three D-E-N-F.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4990.3s	4990.3	 Oh, D-E-N-F got approved?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4992.1s	4992.1	 No, yeah. They're filed out with the SEC now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4994.6s	4994.6	 And when would D-E-N-F be available for people to buy shares in it then?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=4997.9s	4997.9	 Is that like a 60 day?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5000.3s	5000.3	 15 days.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5001.4s	5001.4	 Oh, okay. Great. All right. Well, they have it. And then you confirmed that the second SPAC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5006.5s	5006.5	 was open door, right? Is that confirmed?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5008.2s	5008.2	 Yeah, that was announced on Tuesday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5009.9s	5009.9	 Yeah. Congratulations on that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5011.7s	5011.7	 Thank you, sir.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5012.1s	5012.1	 And then how do you feel about all these people stealing your thunder with SPACs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5015.6s	5015.6	 I think it's-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5016.2s	5016.2	 Is that annoying or is it inspiring?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5017.9s	5017.9	 No, it's great. I think it's growing the market. It's good for entrepreneurs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5021.7s	5021.7	 It's amazing. I mean, this is going to mean that companies with 50 to 150 million will be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5026.7s	5026.7	 go public on a clear path?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5028.5s	5028.5	 I hope so. I've said this before. We've gone from 8,000 public companies to 4,000 in 20 years. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5033.6s	5033.6	 let's reverse the tide. Let's go back to-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5036.1s	5036.1	 It should be double the number of companies, right? I mean, we should have gone down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5039.0s	5039.0	 We should have gone up. You would think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5040.2s	5040.2	 You'd think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5040.8s	5040.8	 Well, in a world with 0% interest rates, it has to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5043.8s	5043.8	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5044.2s	5044.2	 Yeah. All right. Well, here we go. Please, for the love of God, somebody convince Com,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5048.9s	5048.9	 Robinhood, Thumbtack, and DataStacks to go public because I've got kids to put through school.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5054.8s	5054.8	 All right, everybody. For Bestie C, the Rain Man himself, David Sachs, and the Queen of Quinoa,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5061.1s	5061.1	 Fried Burgers, this is the All In Podcast. We'll see you next time. Bye-bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5064.9s	5064.9	 Love you, Besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz9milywszw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=136&t=5065.9s	5065.9	 Love you, Besties.
