https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=0.0s	0.0	 Hey, everybody, welcome to another episode of the all in podcast. It's been a crazy couple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=7.2s	7.2	 of weeks here, we had the all in summit. And boy, was it amazing. Our bestie David Friberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=13.3s	13.3	 couldn't make it today. He had some personal things he had to attend to. So joining us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=18.2s	18.2	 again is Brad Gershner. Welcome back to the fifth bestie on his Is this your fourth appearance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=25.5s	25.5	 now including the all in summit? I think you've been on four times now. Very good. All right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=30.7s	30.7	 that's about 5% of the episodes. Nice, nice. I think that's a nice little chip in your in your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=36.3s	36.3	 in your belt there. I mean, unworthy replacement to Friedberg, but I do what I can do. Nobody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=41.3s	41.3	 can replace free but that is the truth. Let your winners ride. Rain Man, David Sack.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=48.9s	48.9	 Just going around the horn here. Trim off Did you have a favorite moment on stage a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=64.4s	64.4	 favorite moment off stage? Well, what is your general impressions of the all in summit? 2022?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=70.7s	70.7	 I thought the people I met were really impressive. I really enjoyed meeting people and learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=78.8s	78.8	 what they did. I also thought you and your team organized really an incredible event and I forgot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=88.6s	88.6	 how good you are at these things. But so I give you a lot of credit. I really enjoyed participating.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=94.7s	94.7	 The only thing that I was nervous about during that whole thing, which probably
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=99.3s	99.3	 limited a little bit of my fun was my mom was coming. She's 81. And so it's not I was not super
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=107.2s	107.2	 psyched to really be in the throes of all the parties to be honest, just because I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=112.5s	112.5	 I didn't I didn't necessarily want to get COVID and I didn't want to introduce it to her and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=117.6s	117.6	 got it. Yes. You know, Nat ended up getting really, really sick, but more like a flu and a cold.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=123.5s	123.5	 Yeah. But you know, I've been fine. My mom's fine. I know a bunch of folks that came out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=130.3s	130.3	 unfortunately tested positive. So that was the only that's the only downside where I would I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=135.1s	135.1	 would have wanted to be a little bit more carefree. But that was the only thing that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=140.5s	140.5	 but that's not in anybody's control. So yeah, I think it was second, I recall that when I had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=145.9s	145.9	 Christmas party, like a week later, he called my Christmas party a super spreader, even though I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=153.8s	153.8	 tested everybody at the door, every single person was negative at this. So my parents went to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=161.9s	161.9	 conference, they both got COVID. My aunt who lives in Miami, who was in her 70s, she got COVID.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=169.3s	169.3	 Are they okay? By the way? Are they? Yeah, they're most important. It's you know, it's Omicron. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=174.0s	174.0	 was like, you know, it's like bad for two days and then get better. So they're gonna be fine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=179.4s	179.4	 Yeah, one did and one didn't. So my brothers got COVID. And so your brothers got it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=184.7s	184.7	 which one Josh or Josh and Jamie both got it. And then Josh's wife got it. So she took the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=191.2s	191.2	 Pax Love and everybody's great now. But yeah, if you go to my a lot of people who came to the event,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=196.8s	196.8	 it was their first time out like this was for a lot of people, I think very emotional and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=201.5s	201.5	 exciting because it was their first venture out. And if you go to Miami, to a conference like you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=206.2s	206.2	 gonna get COVID, especially if the event organizer doesn't test anybody. It's impractical to test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=213.3s	213.3	 850 people, nobody would come like not if you want to make a profit, right? Nah, it wouldn't have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=217.9s	217.9	 actually been that expensive. You could put that on the people they could just, you know, share their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=221.5s	221.5	 results. But I think at this point, you know, even on the planes going out there, nobody's wearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=226.4s	226.4	 masks. I don't know if you know what you guys are flying private, but you know, my flight out there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=230.4s	230.4	 it was all you know, nobody's wearing masks anymore. But anyway, Jay, Cal, I think everybody who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=234.7s	234.7	 went to the conference took the risk upon themselves of getting COVID. And you know, it's not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=241.1s	241.1	 the end of the world or anything. They're all fine. But I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=245.6s	245.6	 My hypocrisy. Yes, exactly. It's like you're like Nancy Pelosi or something where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=252.0s	252.0	 every time a Republican gets COVID, it's their fault. But when you throw a super spreader,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=257.6s	257.6	 and I think AIS now stands for all in super spreader. Yeah, it's not your fault. It was well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=262.4s	262.4	 beyond your control. It was the virus. And in fact, it was probably just Florida. It was just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=267.0s	267.0	 my yes, it's just I was gonna bring it up. That's how this stuff works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=271.7s	271.7	 Both of you now have thrown super spreader event. Yes, but in mine, I tested. Yeah. It's not even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=278.3s	278.3	 proven that mine was a super spreader. All right. In all seriousness, did you have a favorite moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=283.3s	283.3	 on stage or some reflections on the event? I thought the Elon thing was really good, by the way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=287.8s	287.8	 And the only thing I'll say is the Palmer Lucky thing was pretty incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=292.7s	292.7	 Which we will be we will be releasing the Palmer Lucky next week. I'm excited to see that. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=297.4s	297.4	 that that episode is eye opening. Yeah, we don't want to say too much. But I think that you were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=305.2s	305.2	 really I think you handled yourself really well. Thank you for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=309.3s	309.3	 Chamath, what actually happened? I wasn't there for that portion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=313.0s	313.0	 I haven't heard anything about a mini summary here of it, I guess. I'll give you the outside inversion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=318.9s	318.9	 He gives what I can only describe as an incredibly motivating breakdown of American
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=326.8s	326.8	 defense and what his company. Now, you know, you have to remember to put it in context,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=331.4s	331.4	 this is a 29 year old young man who has now started to multi billion dollar unicorn. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=338.3s	338.3	 you know, this he's going to be around for a long time doing amazing things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=343.0s	343.0	 But he talks about Andrew, which is his defense company, really impressive. And then the whole,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=348.2s	348.2	 you know, everybody's kind of like rousing and cheering and applauding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=352.8s	352.8	 And then he said, you know, I have something else that I want to get off my chest. And I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=356.4s	356.4	 standing beside Jason backstage. Jason was looking at the monitor. I was looking at the mirror at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=362.6s	362.6	 myself. But and check your sweater. And he said, you know, there's a person here that that has been,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=371.6s	371.6	 you know, really hard on me, you know, tried to ruin my life, attack my family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=376.4s	376.4	 and represents, you know, these really this strain of very influential people in Silicon Valley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=381.6s	381.6	 who have gotten it totally wrong, basically. And he called out cancel culture. And then he called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=386.8s	386.8	 out J Cal. And to J Cal's credit, after he was done, J Cal was the first one that walked out on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=393.0s	393.0	 stage, shook Palmer's hand. And then we all sat down, we talked to him. And then the two ended up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=397.6s	397.6	 hugging it out at the end. But there are moments that were very heated in the middle of it. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=401.9s	401.9	 whole thing was incredible to watch. I got to be honest with you. Super dramatic. Yeah, incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=406.9s	406.9	 I would say that the most shocking and surprising aspect of the whole thing was that a person as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=414.4s	414.4	 important as Palmer and Lucky felt the need to get revenge on a person as unimportant as Jason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=420.4s	420.4	 Calderas. That was the part I mentioned when he's like my career was. When he said important people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=427.2s	427.2	 in Silicon Valley, I initially thought, oh my god, he's talking about me. What did I say?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=431.0s	431.0	 I was thrown by that too, if I'm being honest. He's like, my entire career was stopped in its
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=438.7s	438.7	 tracks. And I had to claw my way back because Jason Calacanis said this. And I was like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=445.6s	445.6	 no, actually no. I'm looking forward to when you're going to be a great episode. It's going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=450.8s	450.8	 coming out next week. Thank you to all the speakers. Yeah. I want to give a shout out to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=455.5s	455.5	 Glenn Greenwald, Matt Taibbi and Antonio Garcia-Martinez for appearing. And we did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=461.8s	461.8	 two different panels. We did one on domestic politics with Glenn and Taibbi. And then we did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=467.4s	467.4	 a debate on Ukraine, which has now been published between Glenn and Antonio. And particularly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=473.1s	473.1	 I want to thank Antonio because it did end up being a little bit of a two-on-one at the end,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=477.8s	477.8	 which wasn't my intention, but I have my own views on it too. Although I did try to be somewhat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=482.3s	482.3	 restrained and even-handed in the moderation, but it's a really good debate. We should have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=487.9s	487.9	 had longer. We only had about 30 minutes, but you can see that online right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=492.8s	492.8	 It actually is a great example of actually how to listen to somebody else having a completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=497.9s	497.9	 diametrically opposed view and still be respectful. I thought those guys were great to listen to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=501.5s	501.5	 I think it's a new format, Sax, and I think somebody was like, hey, maybe you and Jacob
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=504.9s	504.9	 could do it. I think you and I moderating two people with different sides. It could be a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=508.7s	508.7	 interesting format for us for future events. Brad, did you have a favorite moment on stage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=512.6s	512.6	 maybe outside of Elon? Of course you can mention it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=514.7s	514.7	 Well, I would say maybe both onstage and offstage. Listen, I think this podcast has taken some shots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=522.8s	522.8	 and probably appropriately so at times for being a bunch of men, a little bro culture,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=529.2s	529.2	 and the effort made to build authentic community and diversity into that room.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=535.6s	535.6	 I've been to a lot of conferences, whether it's Claire Thealki, Patty Wechsler, extraordinary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=543.5s	543.5	 minds, women, all diverse cultures, economic backgrounds. When we walked around the floor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=550.8s	550.8	 Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, everywhere, who were starting companies, having authentic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=557.8s	557.8	 conversations, and frankly were grateful for the community and the advice that they were being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=564.0s	564.0	 given. These were from big startups to very small startups. For me, that was a highlight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=570.0s	570.0	 The effort you made, I don't know, almost 40% women, both economic, I thought, as well as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=576.8s	576.8	 geographic diversity. Then listen, I had a moment after Bill and I, after Gurley and I got offstage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=586.1s	586.1	 I was stopped by a group of founders and they said, hey, we need your help. I said, what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=590.4s	590.4	 They said, we are that company you and Bill were just talking about and said was screwed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=595.6s	595.6	 We raised $100 million last November from Tiger at 100 times ARR. What do we do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=604.8s	604.8	 The fact that those conversations are going on, of course, they're not screwed and it's a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=609.6s	609.6	 interesting company, but it led to a real conversation that you don't often have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=615.5s	615.5	 at conferences like that. I thought it was much more than just a bunch of talking heads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=619.4s	619.4	 on stage. I thought it was a real give and take in the crowd afterwards, the parties, the in-betweens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=628.8s	628.8	 I really enjoyed that. The other big thing that we avoided
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=634.8s	634.8	 failing on was putting back the AMAs. I think these AMAs are some of the most interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=641.6s	641.6	 parts of that conference and I think that we should make sure that we probably do an AMA, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=646.4s	646.4	 both days. If we do a two-day conference, the AMAs are awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=649.7s	649.7	 Yeah. The audience is asking us and just to explain to people how we were able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=655.8s	655.8	 curate the audience, we asked people, I think it's a good playbook for other people if they want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=660.0s	660.0	 steal it, they could pick the price they wanted to pay based on their station in life. People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=666.3s	666.3	 said, I want to come, I'll pay $500, I'll pay $1,000, I'll pay $2,500 instead of the $7,500,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=670.4s	670.4	 take a price, which was like 300 people in the audience. We just said, hey, what do you love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=675.1s	675.1	 about the show? What would coming to the conference mean to you? We just sorted that and we looked for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=679.9s	679.9	 people who are passionate about the show. Then the thing that stuck out to me, and I know Freberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=685.3s	685.3	 had a great time as well, was the passion of the audience and how much they appreciate what we do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=691.8s	691.8	 here every week. The love that we got, people asking to take selfies, people telling us what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=696.4s	696.4	 the show meant to us, and people coming from all different stations in life, really it made it not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=702.8s	702.8	 elitist, but it felt like the people who were there were all builders. And that was really an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=709.0s	709.0	 interesting part. What I instructed the team to do was anybody who was like a real estate broker,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=712.6s	712.6	 a money manager, a sales executive, a business development person, I said, let's not have them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=717.6s	717.6	 there, no offense to those, you know, critical functions, but a lot of people will come to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=721.6s	721.6	 events to sell and get customers. But I said, anybody who's a builder and artist, they're making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=726.8s	726.8	 something in the world, let's give them the priority for these scholarship tickets. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=730.4s	730.4	 you know, when you met people, they were all building something interesting in the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=733.6s	733.6	 and no press, I think, also created a certain vibe there. We didn't have the media there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=739.2s	739.2	 criticizing every panel and, you know, every speaker. And so it I think it just made it so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=745.6s	745.6	 magical. Well, I think it really couldn't do it without all you guys, and Freberg and the besties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=750.2s	750.2	 and Brad, you were helping behind the scenes. So couldn't do without everybody. And my team,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=754.0s	754.0	 you know, great job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=754.8s	754.8	 Turned out surprisingly well, I thought.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=756.4s	756.4	 I thought the whole thing was a J Cal grift, and it actually turned out there's been there was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=761.8s	761.8	 there's some grifting going on for sure. I haven't seen an accounting of exactly where all the money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=766.4s	766.4	 went. So it's close. We'll have that accounting any day now, sacks any day now. What could you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=771.6s	771.6	 have done better? What would you change for the next time? You know, I just a great question. You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=777.6s	777.6	 know, we always do a document with lessons learned right after the event. So I went through my team,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=782.6s	782.6	 and I had 26 people from my team, 21 from launching, I think five from inside came in,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=788.8s	788.8	 you know, helped staff the event, a little more time to work on the speakers in the agenda.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=795.4s	795.4	 If we had a little more time, I would have teased out of each bestie, you know, maybe five or 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=799.9s	799.9	 speakers or topics they wanted and worked backwards. So it's just a little more time to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=804.0s	804.0	 to experiment with the format. But I took an experimental approach to it. We did have people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=809.4s	809.4	 who did solo dolo, like Ted style talks, we then had people come on stage with the besties and do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=815.3s	815.3	 discussions. But having all besties on stage all the time is a little hard for everybody. I know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=820.4s	820.4	 David likes to focus on maybe a couple of things. Other people like Trimoth and I like to be on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=824.6s	824.6	 stage for everything, I think. But the format was experimental. And there was a couple of great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=830.1s	830.1	 moments, I think when we overlapped folks, or I think Nate Silver overlap with Keith Raboi,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=835.4s	835.4	 you and Bill Gurley together, Tim urban, I'm sorry, overlapped with Keith Raboi.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=840.0s	840.0	 Those were magical moments, I think. And so I have something in my brain about weaving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=846.7s	846.7	 individual talks and data points with the besties and then having the next speaker on the stage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=851.6s	851.6	 the next speaker, and I would have liked to have more time to refine that format, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=856.4s	856.4	 Okay, my only question is, was the Palmer lucky deal? Was that a plant? Did you plan that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=861.7s	861.7	 No, I bet you put that in there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=864.0s	864.0	 I'll tell you the back stories. I you know, I had invited him on this week and stars before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=867.9s	867.9	 all in came out. Many times he said, Fuck you basically in so many words, I hate Jake out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=873.2s	873.2	 And then when all in came out, he's a fan of this show. I mean, he's particularly a fan of David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=877.6s	877.6	 Sachs is. And I think David knows a lot of the investors, the investor pools, I think overlap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=883.7s	883.7	 in a lot of different circles of ours. And I said, Would you like to come to the summit?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=889.0s	889.0	 And I and I basically said to him heartfelt, like, listen, I think the work you're doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=892.9s	892.9	 to protect the country. Most people in Silicon Valley don't believe in building weapon systems,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=897.1s	897.1	 but I kind of am with you on this. So we probably have some common ground here. I think the mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=901.6s	901.6	 of what you're doing is more important than our disagreement from, you know, the Hillary Clinton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=905.4s	905.4	 versus Trump days. Maybe we could just, you know, put that aside and have you speak and surprisingly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=909.7s	909.7	 as people were like, Yes, I didn't know they were doing yes, because he had a plot to dunk on me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=914.3s	914.3	 But who cares? You know, like, I don't mind being dunked on. If I'm wrong about something, or I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=918.3s	918.3	 right. It's the whole spirit of this show is to, you know, to learn and grow and have great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=923.3s	923.3	 conversations. So with that, maybe we start the show now. Let's do it. All right, let's go. Let
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=928.1s	928.1	 me am I still allowed to do intros? Or is it too triggering? Because I do have interest for this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=931.9s	931.9	 week. Do it. So you do it? Okay, I got thumbs up. Only if they're nice. Well, that's the caveat that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=938.1s	938.1	 I cannot guarantee. But anyway, here we go. Getting ready to gallivant across the Italian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=943.2s	943.2	 countryside. He spent 40k at all in summit on food and wine. He took 400 selfies in three hours.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=949.2s	949.2	 Those sweaters, my lord, they reek of power. The dictator himself is back. Chamath Palihapitiya,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=954.0s	954.0	 welcome back to the show. Thank you, Jason. All right, his body looks like he doesn't eat cake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=959.3s	959.3	 He's got a major stake in snowflake. You might have heard him earlier on the week with Bill Gurlee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=966.2s	966.2	 He's the crossover fund manager with that BDE. Our fifth bestie, the audience hangs on every word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=971.9s	971.9	 he has to say. The Dark Knight of Namaste. Welcome back to the program, Brad Gerstner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=977.1s	977.1	 I like it. What's BDE? If you don't know, then you don't know. You can look that up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=982.8s	982.8	 urban dictionary. He's about to turn 50, but he looks like he's 65. After 72 hours in Miami,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=989.4s	989.4	 we're not sure he's still alive. The creep creeper is jealous of the facts under his eyes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=994.0s	994.0	 His portfolio has been down for 35 straight days. No surprise. The Ray man himself is back. David
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1000.0s	1000.0	 Sachs. Too rough on Sachs? No, it's okay. Is it okay? I felt like I might've gone too rough on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1005.2s	1005.2	 Sachs. All right. I guess we start with markets and S&P 500 down 15% year to date down, down 11%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1013.2s	1013.2	 Two stocks of note that did particularly well during COVID. Zoom and Snowflake reported their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1018.2s	1018.2	 earnings this week and they beat expectations. Of course, that gives them no reprieve. Market cap for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1026.0s	1026.0	 a zoom 31 billion got almost $6 billion in cash, which was a precedent move to cash up, I guess,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1034.8s	1034.8	 during the boom times. Their stock jumped 18% after the earnings. So great for them. Q1 revenue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1042.2s	1042.2	 2023, 1 billion, 12% year over year, got an 80% gross margin for that business. Pretty impressive.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1049.8s	1049.8	 500 million adjusted free cashflow 7000 employees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1053.8s	1053.8	 They're at almost 500,000 per employee at this point, and stock is still down 43% year to date,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1060.2s	1060.2	 but a little bump here. So I guess we might be bumping along the bottom soon. And just to quickly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1064.8s	1064.8	 recap Snowflake and get your comments after that Snowflake reported their quarterly earnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1068.6s	1068.6	 yesterday. $41 billion market cap, they got almost 4 billion in cash. They were down slightly at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1076.4s	1076.4	 taping of this episode today and they're down 67% from the peak of $409 a share in November. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1082.1s	1082.1	 they're not in the 85% plus club like Coinbase and Peloton. But still they've lost two thirds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1088.0s	1088.0	 their market cap. 422 million in revenue 85% year over year beat their expectations and gross margin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1098.9s	1098.9	 72% net retention 174% 70% growth within within their existing customers to David Sachs's point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1106.8s	1106.8	 about why SAS is so great. They got 4000 employees, 6300 total customers. So I guess maybe starting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1115.2s	1115.2	 with you, Brad, since you're in this in the thick of it. Thoughts on I know your major Snowflake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1120.2s	1120.2	 early supporter thoughts on what's happening in the market and maybe any indication from these two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1127.3s	1127.3	 let's face it, strong results in the bouncing along the bottom, I think is how we'd all describe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1133.6s	1133.6	 what's happening right now. Well, I think listen, what makes investing hard is sometimes you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1137.6s	1137.6	 to hold simultaneous truths. Right? And the reality is there's a lot of cognitive dissonance when you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1142.7s	1142.7	 see something down 30 4050%. But it may be still fair value. Right? We were talking about last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1148.8s	1148.8	 October, like make no mistake about it. Just take Snowflake as an example. The move from 400 to 200
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1156.6s	1156.6	 was probably just what I would describe as normalization in a world where rates were going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1162.4s	1162.4	 back to two and a half or 3%. Right? The market last October had gone too high. We discussed it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1169.6s	1169.6	 on this pod, we discussed it on CNBC. And so I expected a return to what we call the five year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1176.0s	1176.0	 average as we discussed at the summit. What's been surprising to me is the negative reflexivity that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1182.5s	1182.5	 kicked in as a result of the war in Ukraine, uncertainty about hyperinflation, uncertainty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1188.1s	1188.1	 about hyper rates. And so now we're seeing software generally all risk assets growth assets trading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1194.6s	1194.6	 now 30 4050% below the five year average. Right? So I don't think it's helpful to say well, none of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1202.4s	1202.4	 that should have happened. No, the reality is normalization meant that all of this stuff was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1207.6s	1207.6	 going to be down 20 to 50% because it was way overvalued last fall. We gaslighted ourselves in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1214.5s	1214.5	 many respects, we didn't hedge it perfectly in many respects. But that's, you know, that's what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1219.6s	1219.6	 happens in late market cycles. So the question is, where are we today? And for example, like, why is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1224.8s	1224.8	 the NASDAQ up 300 basis points today? Right? This it feels like whiplash, I come in one day and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1231.2s	1231.2	 you know, you have market caps up 10%, one day down 10%, the next. And so I think it's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1237.0s	1237.0	 important to help the people listening understand, you know, like what happened this week and what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1243.2s	1243.2	 going on. It is been kind of a pretty mixed bag this week, in fact, of things going down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1251.2s	1251.2	 Shemath, what are you going to take on this of what we're seeing in the market this week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1254.4s	1254.4	 specifically with precipitous drops, and then, you know, the bouncing up again?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1259.2s	1259.2	 Look, we, we still had some amount of rate uncertainty from the Fed. I think people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1267.1s	1267.1	 weren't sure how aggressively they were going to hike. But by early this week, it was pretty clear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1273.6s	1273.6	 there's going to be 250 point hikes, one in June, and one in July, and then effectively a pause,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1281.0s	1281.0	 because then the Fed funds rate will be at around 2%. And everything from there will probably be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1286.8s	1286.8	 path and data dependent. Okay, that's effectively what they said. Now, I think the the markets had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1294.3s	1294.3	 actually already started to see that writing on the wall. So if you go back to, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1300.0s	1300.0	 one of our favorite measures, which is the 10 year break, even it's effectively rolled over,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1304.6s	1304.6	 which meant that, you know, which means that from the highs in sort of late April, it started to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1310.7s	1310.7	 come down, which says that, you know, they were thinking that, you know, the inflation was not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1315.9s	1315.9	 going to be as bad in the back half of the year. And then the second is that corporate credit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1321.5s	1321.5	 which is really what matters in some ways to the Fed, because that's where they can intervene,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1326.4s	1326.4	 what is the spread above treasuries that a company can issue debt. When it goes crazy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1332.5s	1332.5	 and it goes up, it means, oh, no, the cost of capital is going up. That's going to be hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1337.0s	1337.0	 for companies to raise money, they may have to lay people off, they may need to get into cost cutting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1341.0s	1341.0	 mode, right? That's what goes through everybody's mind. But that's also now about 35 and 40 days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1346.8s	1346.8	 rolled over, which means that the gap has started to shrink, you know, between the US treasury price,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1354.0s	1354.0	 and what you know, decent corporates can can issue debt at. So it looks like we are set up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1362.3s	1362.3	 for potentially a decent little rally here. The problem is, is it a rally that is sustainable?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1369.4s	1369.4	 Or is it a rally that's basically what we call a dead cat bounce or a bear market rally where,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1374.8s	1374.8	 you know, you just get some one or two weeks of relief before the thing spears down again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1380.0s	1380.0	 And we're not going to know although tomorrow on Friday, there's going to be a really important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1384.6s	1384.6	 set of inflation data that gets released. And I think everybody's going to be sweating these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1388.9s	1388.9	 details. So right now we're in a moment of pause. And there is the potential if this data comes back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1396.7s	1396.7	 as reasonably good, which means prices are, you know, not escalating as much as we thought.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1400.9s	1400.9	 Inflation is not going to be as bad. Growth is going to be moderate that that gives a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1407.1s	1407.1	 ammo for the Fed to kind of take their foot off the off the gas here. And if that case,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1412.0s	1412.0	 markets will go boom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1413.9s	1413.9	 Sax, the interesting note, I think is what we talked about here, everything was correcting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1421.4s	1421.4	 except housing. And we were wondering when this, you know, the increasing rates would hit mortgage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1428.7s	1428.7	 rates mortgages way above 5% in the last two weeks, I think it's come down a little bit,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1433.6s	1433.6	 but the mortgage rate basically doubled. And then we finally saw it earlier in this week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1441.3s	1441.3	 What day was it? It's two days ago. So we're taping this on Thursday. So I think on Tuesday,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1445.6s	1445.6	 new home sales 591,000. They expected 749. And I think the last month before that was 763.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1454.9s	1454.9	 Is that indicative of the raising the rates and slowing down inflation has finally occurred?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1463.9s	1463.9	 And that maybe we the Fed maybe steered too much into the turn? How do you interpret that mass?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1470.3s	1470.3	 It was a pretty massive miss in terms of home sales in the estimate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1473.5s	1473.5	 Well, the costs of buying a home are going way up because home loans are now more expensive. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1478.8s	1478.8	 that's going to factor into all sorts of consumer purchases is anything that's financed can be more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1483.5s	1483.5	 expensive. You're also seeing companies starting to slow down spending, really starting to slam on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1490.0s	1490.0	 the brakes. We see it in startup land startups are all slashing costs right now. But that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1494.4s	1494.4	 eventually going to percolate up to big companies to you saw Dara's memo. Basically, when he got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1499.2s	1499.2	 back from Wall Street memory published that a couple weeks ago saying we sharpen our pencils,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1503.2s	1503.2	 cut everything. What Wall Street is looking for now is free cash flow. So it seems to me like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1510.2s	1510.2	 we're headed into a pretty serious downturn or recession here. I mean, I've been saying we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1514.4s	1514.4	 in a recession for months. The tricky thing for the Fed is that they don't have a lot of good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1522.0s	1522.0	 options because we have a lot of recession indicators blinking red right now. At the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1528.1s	1528.1	 time, inflation is still high. So they're kind of caught between a rock and a hard place.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1532.1s	1532.1	 I think what the Fed should have done is in 2020 hindsight is back last summer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1538.8s	1538.8	 we first got that shock CPI print. Remember, it was like 5.1% seemed to come out of the blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1545.4s	1545.4	 because for years and years we've been talking about deflation. Nobody thought inflation was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1549.4s	1549.4	 problem. All of a sudden we got that 5.1% print. They were in total denial about it. They just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1555.2s	1555.2	 dismissed it saying that inflation was transitory and yell and said the same thing. So basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1561.1s	1561.1	 everyone just ignored the data for six months. What they should have done was stop QE right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1567.0s	1567.0	 then and there. They could have taken a little bit of time to think out a rate increase strategy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1573.2s	1573.2	 but they were still basically engaging in QE for nine months after that first inflation warning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1581.4s	1581.4	 If they had stopped QE there, then we wouldn't have had this asset bubble in the second half
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1586.6s	1586.6	 of last year. That's when it inflated the most. We could have had more of a soft landing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1592.2s	1592.2	 Unfortunately, now they kept inflating really until the end of Q1. They've yanked away the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1601.4s	1601.4	 punch bowl so violently that I think the real economy is going to go into recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1605.3s	1605.3	 So that's where we are right now. I don't know what the right answer is now given that we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1611.9s	1611.9	 in this almost stagflationary position. Let's try and answer that, Brad. If we didn't act
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1618.0s	1618.0	 soon enough, if you agree with Sax's point, pretty hard to disagree with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1622.6s	1622.6	 We didn't take the medicine a little bit at a time. Now maybe we've overreacted or maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1628.8s	1628.8	 it's going to get worse. What is the right thing for us to be doing now? Because all these companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1634.3s	1634.3	 doing hiring freezes, layoffs at the same time that the housing market tanks, at the same time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1638.7s	1638.7	 crypto tanks, at the same time the stock market tanks, this feels like a major shock to the system.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1645.0s	1645.0	 Is it time to maybe reconsider some of these? No, you know, for the Fed to reconsider or just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1652.6s	1652.6	 slow and steady wins the race here? What's the best option? First, we should erect statues to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1657.6s	1657.6	 Senator Manchin for saving the republic by vetoing stimmy to that would have been bill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1663.9s	1663.9	 better stating that would have been devastating. So we'll revisit that. Listen, the Fed said two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1669.5s	1669.5	 really important things this week. They said number one, our communications have been helpful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1676.4s	1676.4	 in shifting market expectations. What that means, the Fed is the air traffic control.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1683.2s	1683.2	 They said to the markets at the beginning of the year, you're 90 degrees off runway heading. Get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1689.4s	1689.4	 your ass back on runway heading. It was a slap in the face to markets and it was a radical adjustment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1696.8s	1696.8	 Now you hear the Fed in these little statements this week. They said, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1701.8s	1701.8	 we're well positioned this year to assess the effects of policy firming in the back half. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1706.9s	1706.9	 they're saying we're going to hit it with 50 50 and then we're going to take a look. So now think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1712.4s	1712.4	 of it as air traffic control. You're two degrees to the left. You're two degrees to the right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1717.2s	1717.2	 They're steering us on runway heading. I don't think the Fed wants to do anything at this moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1722.4s	1722.4	 to lose credibility in the inflation fight. We're going to get 50. We're going to get another 50.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1729.0s	1729.0	 But they're doing what they want to do, which is keeping markets sufficiently tight. They wanted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1735.4s	1735.4	 to take the crypto market down. They wanted to take all the excessive risks in the stock market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1740.4s	1740.4	 down. You're absolutely right. The inventory of $350,000 homes spiked from four months to nine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1747.9s	1747.9	 months. Right. Used car prices are rolling over the last three months. All the things they needed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1753.9s	1753.9	 to do, they're doing right. They need to stay the course. However, the hyperventilation this week by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1760.6s	1760.6	 Bill Ackman on Twitter that the Fed needs to be doing radically more, that somehow we need to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1766.0s	1766.0	 raising rates to six, seven, eight percent in order to squash inflation to me seems highly misdirected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1774.1s	1774.1	 and totally out of touch with the fact that on layoffs.fyi, they've already announced 750
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1780.2s	1780.2	 companies that are announcing layoffs. Right. The market is getting the drill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1786.1s	1786.1	 I totally agree with this. I think we're in a pretty reasonable place here. The real question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1792.6s	1792.6	 is now, what do you need to take the market lower? And this is more of a nuance. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1798.2s	1798.2	 when you look at companies that are now quote unquote cheap, right. Let's take an example like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1803.2s	1803.2	 you, you know, well, we hear a lot about Google or Facebook, right. People will say, my gosh,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1809.1s	1809.1	 this is cheap because if you run a screen on it, it's like 10, 11, 12 times price to earnings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1815.4s	1815.4	 Well, the price, you know, because you can look on the screen. The real question is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1819.5s	1819.5	 are the earnings right? And the thing that can take the market lower is if you actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1826.4s	1826.4	 think earnings are modeled incorrectly. Right. So we saw this week as well. Snap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1833.7s	1833.7	 I mean, completely just blew themselves up. 46% down and today yesterday. I just want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1839.0s	1839.0	 say something about that one day they have the most incredible propensity to self-immolate on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1844.8s	1844.8	 earnings calls than any other company I've ever seen. There's probably been three times, no less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1850.3s	1850.3	 than three times over the last four years where I don't know whether it's just poorly scripted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1856.4s	1856.4	 or not well rehearsed or the people that are helping Evan get ready for these things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1864.4s	1864.4	 But these are disastrous calls. You know, Facebook's had a couple in this lifetime,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1868.7s	1868.7	 but snap consistently probably once every 18 months will do this. Anyways, the thing just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1875.2s	1875.2	 completely implodes the stock implodes by 48% or something. And then it, you know, rolls over to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1881.6s	1881.6	 companies like Facebook and Google who then are off eight or 10%. My point in telling you the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1886.4s	1886.4	 story is that if you think Facebook and Google just as an example, again, are cheap at 10 times,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1892.0s	1892.0	 well, you better hope that the earnings are right. Because if the earnings are actually wrong,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1896.4s	1896.4	 that's actually 27 times and 19 times, you know, I'm making these numbers up to give you the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1900.5s	1900.5	 example because the earnings are fundamentally wrong. So that's the risk now that's left in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1904.9s	1904.9	 market. In my opinion, that could take it much, much lower is if that, you know, all of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1909.6s	1909.6	 slowdown really contract spend, and the earnings are actually not accurate. The forecasted earnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1916.7s	1916.7	 will need to be revised over the next two or three quarters. And that's where we will probably see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1922.4s	1922.4	 the low. If however, growth is muted. And the Fed can, as Brad said, it's a really good analogy. Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1929.1s	1929.1	 just course correct by degrees, you know, a degree here, degree there. We've probably consolidated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1936.0s	1936.0	 the lows. So said another way we look at a company like Snap, or Google, a lot of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1943.1s	1943.1	 expected value has to do with people's ad spend, we now see less homes being sold. So maybe people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1949.2s	1949.2	 in real estate stop spending less on ads, they're a major advertising category, maybe direct to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1953.3s	1953.3	 consumer, people are not buying because the supply chain issues, this stuff is too expensive. And we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1958.7s	1958.7	 not going to spend on ads. And so all of this ad revenue, that's some of the first to come out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1964.0s	1964.0	 people's budgets. So, you know, even as great as snaps results, actually look, they were up 38%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1971.3s	1971.3	 year over year, they're generating over 100 million in free cash flow. The guide was terrible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1976.8s	1976.8	 because what they said was our E, right, our earnings, right, are not modeled accurately.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1983.6s	1983.6	 Right. And so that's the risk that you now have to take to every company, you cannot look at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1988.0s	1988.0	 screen and Yahoo Finance or Bloomberg, look at a price to earnings ratio and say, wow,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1993.4s	1993.4	 seven times that's so cheap. It may not be seven, you have to do your own work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=1998.1s	1998.1	 it could actually be much higher than that, because your earnings may be at risk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2002.3s	2002.3	 The earnings being at risk is this contagion that we talked about, I don't know, six, maybe it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2007.9s	2007.9	 going on almost a year now, sacks, we talked about a contagion happening, because we've all experienced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2012.5s	2012.5	 it in the last two recessions to the dot com bust in the Great Recession. So what are you seeing in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2018.5s	2018.5	 terms of at companies, this contagion risk, are people canceling SaaS contracts on the margins,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2025.1s	2025.1	 obviously, people are doing hiring freezes, obviously, people are laying people off,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2029.1s	2029.1	 are people going to start renegotiating salaries? You know, what's the next couple of shoes to drop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2035.3s	2035.3	 here, sacks, and that would signal to you a true bottom here, like, have you seen, I thought maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2041.2s	2041.2	 one would be if somebody offered somebody an investment with a two or three times liquidation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2045.6s	2045.6	 preference? Have you seen one of those yet? Have you seen people say we're going to renegotiate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2049.0s	2049.0	 salaries? Because that's when it was really dark, right? The last two times. Yeah, no, it's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2053.2s	2053.2	 to take time to get to that point. I mean, where you start seeing structure and deal is in deals is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2059.2s	2059.2	 when a founder is trying to preserve a valuation they got last year, and that can't really be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2064.2s	2064.2	 justified, but they don't want to just take the down round. So you try to preserve the optics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2068.2s	2068.2	 the last round by building all these preferential terms. We don't like to do deals that way, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2072.4s	2072.4	 you'll start to see them happen later this year when, you know, companies get more desperate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2077.8s	2077.8	 That's not the first thing that happens, though. I think that that to your point about the talent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2082.5s	2082.5	 market, it's definitely going to happen. Has it happened yet? No. What has to happen is first,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2087.5s	2087.5	 all these open wrecks get canceled, companies freeze their hiring plans, then eventually they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2091.7s	2091.7	 do layoffs. That's coming. And then the talent market cools down. Both of those things are here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2096.0s	2096.0	 Both are here. So what's the next in talent wars? Well, yeah, I mean, look, but within the next six
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2101.4s	2101.4	 months, the talent market is not going to be as hot. And, you know, in the same way that startups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2106.4s	2106.4	 aren't getting 10 term sheets, now that maybe they get one or two, if they're a good company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2111.2s	2111.2	 same thing with talent, right? They're not going to have 10 job offers, they might have one or two,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2115.0s	2115.0	 and that's going to create, that's not going to create the same upward pressure, continuing upward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2119.9s	2119.9	 pressure for increases in comp. To your point about like, will SaaS contracts be cut? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2128.5s	2128.5	 I think software is pretty sticky. I mean, if it's a good product,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2133.2s	2133.2	 will deal cycles get longer? Yes. Will there be more mortality risk in the startup or SMB
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2140.8s	2140.8	 customer bases of companies? Yes. I think one concept that startups may want to wrap their heads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2149.0s	2149.0	 around is what I would call deferred mortality risk, meaning that during the last few years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2153.6s	2153.6	 during the boom times, the graduation rate from C to series A to series B was very high,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2158.8s	2158.8	 perhaps artificially high. So there's a lot of companies that got funded in advance to the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2162.8s	2162.8	 round, where in more normal times, they wouldn't have made it. So now if those companies haven't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2168.8s	2168.8	 really fixed their issues, they've just deferred the mortality. So I think all of us probably in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2174.4s	2174.4	 SaaS land need to be modeling out higher logo churn for for customer bases that are skewed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2183.7s	2183.7	 towards startups or SMBs. And we don't know what those numbers are going to be yet. But that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2188.3s	2188.3	 likely to happen. I think that that's right. I think the other thing is that there are there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2192.8s	2192.8	 a lot of companies that are going to have to get religion on free cash flow conversion ASAP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2197.8s	2197.8	 And I just think that most CEOs, to be very blunt, are poorly educated and enumerate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2205.5s	2205.5	 So their level of numeracy to even understand this is pretty poor. And most board directors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2212.0s	2212.0	 are equally. Can you unpack it right now? What does it mean to get the business to free cash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2218.7s	2218.7	 flow? What does it take? Why is it important? And what are the how do those businesses look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2223.1s	2223.1	 differently to spend less than you make? Okay, hold on. I just want to make sure I got it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2229.2s	2229.2	 correct. You make money, but the number of the money you make is higher than the number of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2235.1s	2235.1	 money you spend. Got it. Okay. And then there's a delta there. There's some difference between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2240.0s	2240.0	 those two numbers. And that number is important to some people is what you're saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2243.6s	2243.6	 I think increasingly getting that number to be greater than zero is going to be really important.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2248.7s	2248.7	 And it allows you again, everybody starts to throw out this whole thing, which is, oh my God,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2255.8s	2255.8	 you can never slow growth and the company will die. And yeah, maybe in a vacuum that that's true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2262.2s	2262.2	 But when every other company is fighting tooth and nail to survive, the only thing that you need to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2267.6s	2267.6	 do is actually survive by surviving you win. And if you can basically make your cash last as long
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2274.3s	2274.3	 as possible, even if you cut to the bone and stop growing, if you come out the other end,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2279.9s	2279.9	 and you're the only company that's left, you will win and run over the market, you may have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2284.6s	2284.6	 pushed to the right a few years your plans of world dominance, but they're still available to you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2290.3s	2290.3	 It's the company that foolishly thinks that they can continue to spend money at the same rate or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2294.2s	2294.2	 in the same ways that are going to learn this hard lesson, because I think that investors are not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2300.8s	2300.8	 going to tolerate being able to, you know, provide incremental capital to organizations, funds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2308.9s	2308.9	 who are then, you know, misallocating that capital to basically support a poorly marked portfolio.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2315.6s	2315.6	 And I think that is going to be the real come to Jesus that actually makes all of this thing come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2319.7s	2319.7	 clean, like pension funds, family offices, endowments, all these organizations are smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2326.0s	2326.0	 enough to realize that they're giving good money after bad if what those folks are going to do is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2330.8s	2330.8	 not demand portfolio rehabilitation, and instead are just going to basically keep the marks of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2336.4s	2336.4	 their old funds because they're just in a in a game of waiting it out. Where the whole taking action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2343.2s	2343.2	 greater than, you know, blind hope and just going, you know, steady doing what you've been doing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2348.0s	2348.0	 you got to make some changes. I mean, look, I'd love Brad's reaction. I think that most growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2353.6s	2353.6	 oriented funds are looking at their portfolios. And they're trying to balance two strategies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2359.2s	2359.2	 Strategy one is get into massive rehabilitation mode. The problem is, most of these people have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2364.0s	2364.0	 never built or run a company. So they have no idea how to rehabilitate anything there. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2368.9s	2368.9	 market momentum folks, and in that they were excellent, but in actually helping CEOs build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2373.2s	2373.2	 and rebuild the business, I think that they're not as well suited doesn't mean they can't do it,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2377.5s	2377.5	 but they're not as well suited. That's path A. But I think that path is very painful. And it requires
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2384.4s	2384.4	 you to take medicine, the bitter medicine, which is to basically mark your portfolio down 50 or 60
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2388.8s	2388.8	 percent, just like the public market. Terminal valuations have gone down. The other alternative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2394.6s	2394.6	 is to basically raise enough money to do, for example, unpriced converts into those same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2401.1s	2401.1	 companies so that you don't have to remark so that the auditors will be allowed to carry these fake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2406.3s	2406.3	 valuations, you can maybe market down 10 or 15%. But you don't have to market down 50 or 60%. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2412.2s	2412.2	 hope the market returns to his previous state. But as we've all talked about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2418.9s	2418.9	 that previous state is probably unreliable, because it was a moment where we had a global
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2423.1s	2423.1	 pandemic where we took rates to zero. And we printed nine or $10 trillion of excess liquidity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2429.6s	2429.6	 that inflated these things. So I got to think that, you know, prices in 2019 were a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2436.5s	2436.5	 ticking up 2020. We're really ticking up 2021 was egregious in 2022 is the come is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2443.5s	2443.5	 where it all comes home to roost. Brad, explain to us, we hear free cash flow, we hear income,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2450.8s	2450.8	 net income, EBITDA, we hear all these terms now free cash flow is what everybody is focused on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2457.5s	2457.5	 I believe that seems to be the predominant rallying cry in a lot of public market companies. Now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2463.9s	2463.9	 can you explain to people what the difference between these things are, because people kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2467.2s	2467.2	 bundle them together? Why would somebody like Dara at Uber, just say, hey, you know, we've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2472.5s	2472.5	 talking about adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA, income, net income, all this stuff, but free cash flow is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2476.8s	2476.8	 what we want to focus on now. Or is that correct? Yeah. You know, and our friend Bill Gurley,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2482.3s	2482.3	 rails on this adjusted, adjusted, and you know, look to your left, look to your right, adjusted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2487.4s	2487.4	 one more time EBITDA, right? Like in markets like this, what people want to know, or what's the green
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2492.9s	2492.9	 stuff I can take out of the business and put under my mattress? Free cash flow, distributable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2498.3s	2498.3	 free cash flow. And not only that, how much per share? I think the single biggest issue growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2505.2s	2505.2	 investors are focused on today is the easy way out for all these companies. They'll tap down a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2510.8s	2510.8	 little bit on their hiring, they'll tap down on their spend, but out of the back door, they want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2515.6s	2515.6	 to give a bunch of free stock to employees to help offset that pain. This is really important to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2521.6s	2521.6	 understand because stock is a real expense, right? When a company goes public, the more shares you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2528.0s	2528.0	 have, the lower your price. So it is a real expense to everybody, the founders, the employees, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2534.1s	2534.1	 investors, right? And so what's, I think the single biggest conversation going on in boardrooms in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2539.9s	2539.9	 Silicon Valley today is, Hey, can we have a little bit more stock this year, whether it's options or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2546.6s	2546.6	 whether it's outright RSUs to give to employees? Because if we don't give it to employees, they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2551.2s	2551.2	 tell us they're going to leave. This is a real hard truth. I had a CEO of an incredible company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2557.2s	2557.2	 call me and say, listen, we pay our engineers a million bucks ahead, but we give them stock that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2563.9s	2563.9	 over the last five years has been worth another million dollars each year. So they built their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2569.5s	2569.5	 lives as though they had $2 million a year in income. They bought a house, they bought cars,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2575.3s	2575.3	 they sent their kids to private schools based upon that $2 million. And now when we tell them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2581.5s	2581.5	 this upcoming year, the mill, we're not making a hole on that million. It can't be when,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2586.7s	2586.7	 when we win, you win. And when we lose, you win. So the tough conversation is we're not re-upping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2593.2s	2593.2	 you because the stock's been cut in half. And so now that engineer is saying, yeah, but this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2598.7s	2598.7	 that means I'm only getting paid $1.2 million. And the answer, the tough answer is yes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2605.4s	2605.4	 right? Shared sacrifice, you should have never assumed that that was going to be worth an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2610.2s	2610.2	 incremental million dollars a year, but that takes leadership. That takes courage. That takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2614.8s	2614.8	 a board that knows what they're doing to explain that over the full arc of that employment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2620.4s	2620.4	 And the first thing the mercenary employee says is, well, I'll just go work somewhere else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2625.3s	2625.3	 And the right answer for a good leader is okay. If that's your approach to this business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2631.7s	2631.7	 then you need to go work somewhere else. I mean, you just did a great test, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2635.0s	2635.0	 That's a great filter. You, you, you're a mercenary. And, you know, you were with us when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2640.0s	2640.0	 we're up, but you're not with us when we have to take some austerity measures. Is this the end of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2645.0s	2645.0	 entitlement across the board, Sachs? I mean, we had an entitlement class, everybody thought they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2649.1s	2649.1	 could raise a VC fund. Everybody thought they would have 100% IRR because they would just buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2653.1s	2653.1	 NFTs and flip crypto projects that had no released product. And the same with employees. They just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2659.1s	2659.1	 thought I can just keep, you know, raising my salary X amount. And now, it looks like Apple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2665.0s	2665.0	 said everybody comes back to work three days a week. And we don't see a lot of people quitting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2668.9s	2668.9	 Apple, because there may not be another option. And maybe a lot of the firings that are occurring,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2674.5s	2674.5	 I am thinking of cameo here had top three of their top like six or seven leaders leave.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2680.3s	2680.3	 I interpreted that as maybe they had really big comp packages. And when they did the layoffs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2684.4s	2684.4	 they said, you know what, the number twos in these positions can get the job done for a third
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2689.3s	2689.3	 of the price. Maybe that's better for the business. So is this the end of austerity,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2694.0s	2694.0	 the end of entitlement? I think so. Or a lot of it. There was a great article here in, well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2700.4s	2700.4	 that was that came out recently about Netflix, where Netflix, they're finally getting real about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2705.2s	2705.2	 their kind of entitled, their woke entitled employee problem. And this is in the New York
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2711.1s	2711.1	 Post, but there are many other newspapers that covered it. Basically, it says here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2715.5s	2715.5	 Netflix tells woke workers to quit if they're offended. If you find it hard to support our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2719.7s	2719.7	 content breadth, Netflix may not be the best place for you, said the memo. So period full stop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2725.5s	2725.5	 Yeah, they're just sick of it. There's not going to put up with it anymore. They're sick of being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2729.0s	2729.0	 held hostage by their employees, who think that they can kind of muscle the leaders of the company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2734.8s	2734.8	 by starting a petition or boycott campaign every time they want to drive the company in a certain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2739.2s	2739.2	 direction. And so I think companies are finally figuring out this is the only way to react to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2744.4s	2744.4	 basically being held hostage. If you don't like it, quit. If you don't have seven, eight job offers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2749.9s	2749.9	 you know, and recruiters calling you constantly because everybody's on the hiring freeze.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2754.0s	2754.0	 Well, then maybe people will appreciate the contract of I work for you, you give me money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2759.2s	2759.2	 and then everything else is superfluous. On that note, did anybody see the Ricky Gervais
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2763.4s	2763.4	 Netflix special yet? If not, it's on Netflix. It's on Netflix. It's unbelievable. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2772.0s	2772.0	 Dave Chappelle, you know, in terms of bravery, Ricky Gervais was like, I've already made my money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2777.6s	2777.6	 I'm burning the whole building down. I mean, he went full equal opportunist. And I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2785.2s	2785.2	 I think the trans issue became like 10 or 20% of the of his latest special. So it does seem like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2792.0s	2792.0	 the comedians are saying, you know what, we're going to make jokes, we're gonna make jokes about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2795.6s	2795.6	 everybody. We're not going to buy into this. You can't cancel us. We're just going to keep making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2799.8s	2799.8	 jokes and we're going to keep making money. And that whole concept that, you know, people are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2804.7s	2804.7	 going to be held hostage, I think is over independent of what you think of making jokes of, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2810.1s	2810.1	 various marginalized or smaller groups of people. Can we just go back to something Brad said a while
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2816.0s	2816.0	 back about how mansion saved the Democratic Party, because I think there's actually an interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2820.5s	2820.5	 point there. Yeah, such notorious right wingers as Jeff Bezos have said something very similar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2826.2s	2826.2	 lately, when you see that where Biden tried to blame billionaires for the inflation and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2832.4s	2832.4	 Bezos was having none of it. He said, No, listen, it's not because of us or our companies because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2837.2s	2837.2	 you printed too much money. And Joe Biden, or he said mansion saved you from yourself, because it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2842.7s	2842.7	 would have been another four trillion of spending on top of all the other trillions of spending that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2847.3s	2847.3	 we had last year. So it's absolutely the case that that if the administration was left his own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2853.2s	2853.2	 devices, remember, they were touting back in December, they were touting the idea that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2858.3s	2858.3	 four trillion of build back better spending would somehow be the cure to inflation. Imagine if they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2862.4s	2862.4	 had poured that gasoline onto the fire, I mean, we would go to 20% inflation, we might have had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2866.7s	2866.7	 currency, you know, like a serious currency issue, no, but we just finished the points. I don't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2873.4s	2873.4	 to just make a partisan point here. I want to there's there's a serious economics point here with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2877.6s	2877.6	 learning I hope our policymakers learn from this, which is what happened over the last couple of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2882.4s	2882.4	 years, we had $10 trillion of money printing, right? Why did they do that? They thought that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2888.4s	2888.4	 they could stimulate our way out of this COVID recession that they had induced with lockdowns.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2893.6s	2893.6	 In any event, the point is they thought they could stimulate economic activity by printing money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2898.3s	2898.3	 And maybe cynically, politically, they thought it'd be good for them in the midterms.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2901.8s	2901.8	 What actually happened that 10 trillion goes into the economy, but there's no corresponding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2906.9s	2906.9	 increase in the output of goods and services. So two things happen. First, price levels rise,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2911.8s	2911.8	 and we get inflation. And second, we get an asset bubble in the stock market. And then the way both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2917.4s	2917.4	 those things sort of come crashing down to earth is the Fed looks at this inflation and suddenly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2922.8s	2922.8	 has to jack up interest rates that pops the asset bubble, it vaporizes something like 14% of global
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2928.4s	2928.4	 wealth. And then simultaneously, workers feel a lot poor, because their wages haven't kept up with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2933.6s	2933.6	 inflation. So this whole idea that you can just print money as a way to create wealth and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2938.3s	2938.3	 prosperity, I hope what we take away from this, I think, recession that we're going into is that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2944.1s	2944.1	 not a viable strategy. The only thing that creates wealth in a society is the output of goods and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2949.4s	2949.4	 services that people want. And you just can't try to sort of play games with that by creating phantom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2957.7s	2957.7	 the sort of phantom money that doesn't represent a real increase in good services or productivity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2962.8s	2962.8	 Yeah, it's hard for people not to take this all as partisan. But if you just look at the objective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2967.9s	2967.9	 facts, the last two administrations have printed money like drunken sailors. And it's a mess right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2973.2s	2973.2	 now. So you you can divorce yourself from any conception that this is partisan. Trump spent a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2978.8s	2978.8	 shit ton of money. And so did Biden and who's more qualified than Trump and Biden, Elon Bezos,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2985.5s	2985.5	 the people who appear on this podcast, we have much more of a pulse on what's happening in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2990.6s	2990.6	 actual real economy and entrepreneurship and capital allocating than these people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=2994.5s	2994.5	 And I love the fact that now, you know, Bezos is a shit poster, he just doesn't get he doesn't care.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3001.4s	3001.4	 And I think we're having like an honest discussion now, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3004.4s	3004.4	 One of the one of the areas where I don't think Elon gets enough credit is when he explains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3009.2s	3009.2	 macroeconomics, I think he actually really understands the what an economy is, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3015.2s	3015.2	 an economy is basically a trading system for the production of goods and services.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3020.1s	3020.1	 If you were to go this point, he's made if you were to go to a desert island,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3024.2s	3024.2	 and somebody just gives you a billion dollars, when you're sitting there on that island,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3028.2s	3028.2	 you can't buy anything, it doesn't make you wealthier. What makes you wealthier is the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3032.9s	3032.9	 production of goods and services that people want. And that's ultimately what an economy is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3037.5s	3037.5	 Money is just the accounting system, the dollars is the accounting system. If you start printing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3041.6s	3041.6	 lots of money, all you're doing is debasing the accounting system, it doesn't make anyone richer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3045.6s	3045.6	 And yet, you know, the way that conversations around economics really take place, the only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3051.7s	3051.7	 thing you ever hear about is stimulating demand, you never really hear anything about production.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3056.9s	3056.9	 And I mean, this is an old debate that goes back to the 1980s about, you know, supply side economics,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3061.5s	3061.5	 but regards to what you call it, wealth ultimately comes from our capacity to produce goods and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3068.0s	3068.0	 services that people want. It's a great point. To mouth all this adds up to companies, and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3074.2s	3074.2	 government's balance sheet becoming tighter and more efficient. So the talent diffusion across
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3080.9s	3080.9	 the industry, perhaps everybody being entitled and getting overpaid, people not wanting to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3086.0s	3086.0	 to work, people who have jobs not wanting to go to the office, all of this seems to have actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3091.1s	3091.1	 reversed in three months. So this medicine we're taking, we stopped eating the bad food, we started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3097.8s	3097.8	 working out, we're getting better sleep, this is going to turn around for the companies that take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3103.2s	3103.2	 the medicine, the management teams, the capital allocators who do the hard work and sharpen their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3107.1s	3107.1	 pencils, as we've talked about, this will all result in a more efficient and vibrant economy. Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3114.0s	3114.0	 I think for the most part, I think there's still going to continue to be examples of folks who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3118.1s	3118.1	 basically run themselves into a brick wall because they don't want to make the hard decisions that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3123.7s	3123.7	 is going to be more exaggerated in Silicon Valley, because we have a culture of tolerance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3128.5s	3128.5	 and we have an economic business model that supports kind of irresponsible decision making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3136.7s	3136.7	 and supports poor governance. You know, look, I've said this many times, but a fund's job,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3143.0s	3143.0	 ultimately, is to make a very important decision about whether they truly care about generating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3148.8s	3148.8	 massive returns, or whether the fee income becomes so meaningful, so as to drown out every other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3156.2s	3156.2	 incentive that they have. And I think by and large in Silicon Valley, if you track all of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3164.4s	3164.4	 increased frequency and fundraising, you can also probably follow those dollars, and they generally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3171.2s	3171.2	 will be the most poorly run, they'll be held the least accountable, and I think those will have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3179.1s	3179.1	 the largest negative outcomes. And then instead, if you follow the dollars of the real practitioners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3187.4s	3187.4	 who have discipline, they look kind of sheepish and silly for years in the middle of a rally,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3193.6s	3193.6	 but they're the ones that are able to really reset and help some of these few companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3198.7s	3198.7	 really win. And I think that you're going to go through that cycle over the next four or five years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3203.1s	3203.1	 And so, you know, that's super well said, because I have felt at where I've been made to feel silly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3210.4s	3210.4	 by some folks who said, Why are you asking to do diligence? Why do you want to have a board seat?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3214.7s	3214.7	 Why do you want to talk to customers? Why are you asking for month by month revenue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3219.5s	3219.5	 you made a sub economic decision, like the idea that over the last four or five years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3223.2s	3223.2	 you optimized for anything except the market beta was kind of dumb. You know, and it's and and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3230.2s	3230.2	 worst thing that you could have done in that period was confuse alpha and beta meaning alpha is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3235.5s	3235.5	 what you are able to do because of your discrete skill versus anybody else. Beta is when just the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3243.6s	3243.6	 market goes up, said differently, you could take any NBA player and put them on a high school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3250.8s	3250.8	 basketball team. And they would be the you know, college player of the year, any single one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3256.3s	3256.3	 Okay, that's beta. Yeah, it can be the MVP of the NBA. That's alpha. Yeah. Okay. And I think that a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3265.2s	3265.2	 lot of folks were made to feel very silly or, you know, a downer or a wet blanket in these last few
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3274.2s	3274.2	 years, who will probably have the last laugh. It's been unbelievable, Brad, to watch the changing of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3281.4s	3281.4	 attitudes and the entitlement in fundraising and private markets in the last 60 days. And it's been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3288.5s	3288.5	 even more pronounced in the last 30. I literally have people we talked to last month, who had really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3293.8s	3293.8	 crazy expectations. They've come down by 50%. They wanted 50. Now they're at 25. They didn't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3299.6s	3299.6	 board seats. Now they're okay with board seats information rights. They were fighting against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3304.0s	3304.0	 information rights. I don't know why that's a hill to die on. Now they're like information rights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3308.1s	3308.1	 Yeah, sure. Here's our CFO's email, we need to get money in the doors. So I guess what's the silver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3314.2s	3314.2	 lining here does seem to me as a great setup right now. Jason, let me ask you a question. Hold on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3318.0s	3318.0	 Yeah, like or to Brad, like, and then you're forgetting one other key thing in the in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3323.2s	3323.2	 race to raise all of this money. What did these folks do? They hired these middle level kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3330.3s	3330.3	 as partners into their venture firms and gave them money to put into companies. What do these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3335.2s	3335.2	 people know? No mentoring. I'm not saying it disparagingly. I'm just like, what do they know?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3340.0s	3340.0	 How do they know how to actually invest? Investing is just not you see it, you just say, okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3345.2s	3345.2	 Well, I think sounds cool. You know, there are some of those younger folks who are going to turn out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3350.8s	3350.8	 to be all stars in there, you just like in the NBA, and there are going to be some that, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3354.5s	3354.5	 prove to be right in the beta. But let me answer Jason's question, because you know, maybe end on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3359.2s	3359.2	 a note of optimism. You know, in some countries, you know, notably China right now, they're doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3366.5s	3366.5	 a lot to prop up a bunch of companies that should be allowed to fail. Right? One of the beautiful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3371.4s	3371.4	 things about free market capitalism, the creative destruction, the cycle time on creative destruction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3377.7s	3377.7	 in this country has never been faster. Right? Make no mistake about it. If you took money at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3383.8s	3383.8	 evaluation over $1 billion, okay, last year, you're not that's not a venture capital bet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3392.0s	3392.0	 I call it quasi public. Right? You stepped into the bigs and you said, I will deliver this plan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3400.3s	3400.3	 And if you don't deliver the plan, there's not going to be a lot of tolerance. There's not going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3404.9s	3404.9	 to be tolerance for just giving away a bunch of more stock. There's not going to be tolerance for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3409.9s	3409.9	 no course correction. Right? Maybe in seed or series a, right, there's a lot of tolerance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3415.7s	3415.7	 because you sign up to a lot of unpredictability. But the level of tolerance that you'll see out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3421.6s	3421.6	 late stage growth investors is going to be akin to what they do with a public company that runs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3428.0s	3428.0	 them off a cliff. You know how that is. You've been on those earning calls. So I think this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3433.2s	3433.2	 going to shine a light on the bifurcation that we really have. We call all of this venture capital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3440.3s	3440.3	 But the truth of the matter is series C and before is venture. Once you're stepping into the bigs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3446.8s	3446.8	 and taking money at a billion, two billions, the expectations are different. Your access to capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3452.2s	3452.2	 will be different. The expected course correction will be different. Right. But I take it as a,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3459.0s	3459.0	 I take it as a sign of strength that we're going to work through this. We're going to have, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3464.1s	3464.1	 the private markets are absolutely going to go through a reset, but we'll get through it. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3468.9s	3468.9	 the winners will win. And those who failed, of course, correct and want to fly into the wall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3472.7s	3472.7	 we'll do that. And we'll get on with the next generation of incredible entrepreneurs,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3477.2s	3477.2	 solving big problems. The secular curve of technology, solving big problems has never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3482.5s	3482.5	 been steeper. Right. And the cycles that overlay that secular curve are not suspended. We have not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3489.9s	3489.9	 suspended wars. We have not suspended economic cycles. And so we're going to have to get through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3494.3s	3494.3	 this one. It's happening in record pace. Actually, that's an interesting point. I want to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3499.3s	3499.3	 let me ask Brad a question about that, which is what's the potential here for more of like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3504.4s	3504.4	 V shaped recession where to your point, the market's correct more rapidly and violently than ever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3510.8s	3510.8	 Snap misses of, you know, issues, a new forecast down 40%. Is there a possibility that this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3518.8s	3518.8	 gets resolved in say six months? That's not to say that valuation levels are ever back to where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3524.3s	3524.3	 they were, you know, in the second half of 2021. But in six months, could we have sort of done this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3530.0s	3530.0	 big reset, washed out a lot of the problems. And, you know, again, valuations are not back,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3536.4s	3536.4	 but the market, the capital markets become unfrozen. And we're back to a more normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3541.7s	3541.7	 operating environment. As opposed to say, yeah, as opposed to say like more of a U,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3547.8s	3547.8	 where we're kind of bouncing around the bottoms here in this volatile state for about 18 months.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3554.1s	3554.1	 You know, and then it's more like the dot com crash, we come out of it in two years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3557.7s	3557.7	 I see smart people on both sides of this. I hear Jason Lemkin has been saying, I think this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3562.2s	3562.2	 kind of short, deep, sweet, six month reset. Fred Wilson just wrote 18 months at least,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3567.7s	3567.7	 I think Sequoia is saying two years. I mean, I think our instinct is 18 months to two years. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3573.9s	3573.9	 what do you think the possibility is that we could be in a more normal environment in six months?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3578.5s	3578.5	 Right. So let's let's separate public markets and venture markets, because venture markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3582.6s	3582.6	 as you know, have a six to 12 month lag just in terms of the reset. But I would say, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3588.4s	3588.4	 the futures of distribution of probable outcomes, there's a downside case and upside case in a base
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3593.1s	3593.1	 case. I think the base case is by this fall, we'll have very good evidence, right? Of where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3598.9s	3598.9	 inflation is rolling over, I think it is rolling over what the Fed is likely to do the upward bound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3604.2s	3604.2	 on on interest rates. And I think we'll be at a point where we can start underwriting to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3609.1s	3609.1	 five year average again. Make no mistake about it, the S&P and the NASDAQ today are still 30%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3617.4s	3617.4	 above where they were in January of 2020. 30% above where they were in January 2020. How much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3625.6s	3625.6	 better is the world today than where it was in January 2020? Well, I think what the market is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3631.7s	3631.7	 saying is that we've grown the economy on a nominal basis about 15% during that time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3638.3s	3638.3	 And earnings have about doubled, right? The earnings margins of those companies are about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3642.8s	3642.8	 have about doubled. So you would expect normal course and trajectory maybe that those companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3648.2s	3648.2	 would be 30% more valuable. The problem is, as we look ahead to Chema's point, the earnings are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3655.1s	3655.1	 likely to come down. Profit margins are being squeezed. So I think there's a decent argument.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3661.1s	3661.1	 There's more pain to come in the public markets that we haven't seen the bottom. However, I do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3666.2s	3666.2	 think that the Fed is taking a good course here. I don't think that we have runaway inflation. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3671.2s	3671.2	 think that, you know, we're going to have an investable environment come this fall. However,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3676.0s	3676.0	 I think for venture, there's a six to a 12 month lag to that. So I think you got to add it to those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3682.4s	3682.4	 six months to really get to the market clearing prices for all these companies. But I think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3688.2s	3688.2	 incumbent upon all of us to give really good feedback today. And I see a lot of it, right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3693.8s	3693.8	 to entrepreneurs about making that course correction. If they're only turning the plane 10 degrees,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3699.8s	3699.8	 when they see lightning dead ahead, they're making a huge mistake. The default action by every founder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3706.4s	3706.4	 today should be a 90 degree course correction, unless they have very good idiosyncratic reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3713.4s	3713.4	 in that business, in terms of their outperformance to stay the course.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3718.6s	3718.6	 Plan for the worst hope for the best. Yeah. And you can even bifurcate the companies in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3726.1s	3726.1	 private markets to ones that have strong product market fit, and the ones that don't. There's a lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3730.6s	3730.6	 of companies to David's point that we're getting series B's without product market fit. You know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3735.6s	3735.6	 it's one thing to get your series A when you have this like weak product market fit and a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3739.6s	3739.6	 story. But when you start seeing series B's happening on momentum, it's like, that to me is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3746.0s	3746.0	 going to be impossible to resolve that company has to go to zero or has to reset or give even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3750.2s	3750.2	 give money back to founders. Those are really the three things I would see as a true bottom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3755.5s	3755.5	 like the really dark moment where people have two or three liquidation preferences, people reset,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3759.8s	3759.8	 reset comp, and tell people, listen, we're going to cut comp 30% across the board for management.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3764.9s	3764.9	 If you don't like it, leave. And then finally, people saying, you know what, we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3769.6s	3769.6	 give the 60 cents on the dollar back to investors. Those are the three things I saw during the two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3774.7s	3774.7	 downturns. You're saying something that I think is also important that's not really talked about,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3778.7s	3778.7	 which is that there's going to be a lot of really good companies with really horrible capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3783.0s	3783.0	 structures, really terrible cap tables, really bad valuations, really big overhangs of preference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3789.2s	3789.2	 stock that are going to have to get worked out. And in getting that worked out, going back to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3795.6s	3795.6	 what Brad said, the person that course corrects 90 degrees will win. And the reason they'll win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3801.8s	3801.8	 may not even because they're being that courageous, they're just being less stupid than everybody else,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3805.8s	3805.8	 quite honestly, because you have to remember in most of these markets over the last four or five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3810.1s	3810.1	 years, we funded four or five versions of every imaginable company. Right. And there's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3816.0s	3816.0	 be two winners, 70 and 30%. Yeah. And there's really only going to be one winner. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3821.5s	3821.5	 there's going to be a marginal second kind of also ran that captures some value. And everybody else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3826.4s	3826.4	 is not that valuable. And, you know, that's roughly been true. But the reason we were able to support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3832.1s	3832.1	 that was that every company looked kind of interesting, anyone with traction could be,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3837.2s	3837.2	 you know, competed against because the only differentiator at the time was very cheap money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3841.4s	3841.4	 that was effectively free and it was flowing in, you know, faster than you could count.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3846.1s	3846.1	 So all of that has to get sorted out. So I just think that that those dynamics shouldn't be ignored.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3851.8s	3851.8	 And so, you know, again, I work too. I mean, to the thing we've been saying here, the it's hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3856.2s	3856.2	 work for a board and founders to do this. But what choice do you have? Well, the problem is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3860.8s	3860.8	 the much more sophisticated markets like the debt markets, which I would say are much more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3865.3s	3865.3	 sophisticated, okay, cutthroat, liquid covenants, when you see the people that make the money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3873.0s	3873.0	 two things are true. Number one is they're incredibly sharp elbowed. And number two is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3876.7s	3876.7	 they make money in moments like this, right? If you look at Apollo's great returns or Blackstone's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3881.4s	3881.4	 great returns or cerebrous, you know, these folks were the, you know, they really were the barbarians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3886.5s	3886.5	 at the gates, and they made all the money in moments of true dislocation. If you apply that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3892.8s	3892.8	 construct here, you know, we've never had to go through a period where there are some real terms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3899.2s	3899.2	 and conditions attached to the incremental dollar. And I think that if that does come to pass in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3904.8s	3904.8	 Silicon Valley, you're just going to have a reckoning. And I think that that what it will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3908.8s	3908.8	 really do is just sort out the winners and the losers. And it'll sort out the folks that were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3913.6s	3913.6	 able to get to default or close to default alive, or at least default life support.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3917.8s	3917.8	 Saks, he thought investible default, investible. I like that one too. I mean, Saks made a great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3923.4s	3923.4	 tweet. He basically says not default alive or dead, investible or not. And that's an even finer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3928.4s	3928.4	 filter. Well, default, default alive is fantastic. If you can get there, basically just means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3933.9s	3933.9	 casual positive. I mean, all default alive means is that you're casual positive or you're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3938.1s	3938.1	 be casual positive based on the money you have in the you don't need money. Exactly. You don't need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3941.6s	3941.6	 money. Well, of course, that's the best place to be is you don't need money. But I think, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3945.6s	3945.6	 for early stage companies, that's almost an impossible standard, you know, it takes time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3950.1s	3950.1	 to get to the point of being casual positive. So therefore, I was trying to propose a standard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3954.4s	3954.4	 that I thought was more actionable for founders because it was because it wasn't impossible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3959.7s	3959.7	 And I call it default investible, which is here are the metrics that you need, at least I can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3964.2s	3964.2	 tell you what they are in the SaaS world. You know, here's what great metrics look like. Here's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3968.4s	3968.4	 what good metrics look like. Here's some danger zone metrics. And you need, you know, out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3973.3s	3973.3	 five key metrics, you really need three or four great ones and one or two good ones to raise in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3977.6s	3977.6	 this environment and no dangerous metrics. And if you don't have those, you need to give yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3982.5s	3982.5	 the time to fix the problems in your business to get to those metrics. On that note, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3988.1s	3988.1	 Sequoia had a really good chart called Survival of the Quickest that illustrates this concept of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3993.6s	3993.6	 giving yourself time. And I threw it in the chat. But basically, what it shows is there's a green
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=3999.6s	3999.6	 line and an orange line. The green line is the company that realizes in May of 2022 that we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4005.7s	4005.7	 gone into a very different environment and they slash their burn in half and they basically double
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4012.4s	4012.4	 their runway. And then there's the other company that just keeps going along the same path they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4016.5s	4016.5	 were at until they realize, oh, wait a second, you know, and then at some point in the future,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4022.0s	4022.0	 they realize there's been a change. Then they make a small cut, they make another small cut,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4025.6s	4025.6	 and they're always behind the eight ball. And I've seen this so many times before that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4029.6s	4029.6	 company doesn't make cuts until they're forced to. And so they never really lengthen their runway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4035.6s	4035.6	 And then when they finally do make the cuts, they go into a death spiral and die.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4038.8s	4038.8	 Now they're over the Atlantic and there's not enough fuel to get to a landing strip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4042.6s	4042.6	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4042.7s	4042.7	 And you just plunge into the cold ocean and die.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4046.5s	4046.5	 Founders really have to think about the asymmetry of the risks that they face, right? Which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4051.3s	4051.3	 let's say that you cut too much and the environment is better than you think it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4056.6s	4056.6	 going to be. Well, you can always hire back. I promise you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4058.9s	4058.9	 At a lower price in all likelihood.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4060.2s	4060.2	 I promise you you'll be able to hire back. Okay. But on the other hand, if you don't cut enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4064.9s	4064.9	 and the situation is worse than you think, then you just die. So you, this is why Andy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4070.4s	4070.4	 Gross said only the paranoid survive. You've got to think about the downside risk and be more skewed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4076.9s	4076.9	 towards the bad scenario than sort of the sort of wishful thinking scenario.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4082.0s	4082.0	 Hey, David, just one final point here. You know, because we have all these decks flying around now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4088.8s	4088.8	 by venture capitalists telling founders to go make these really tough decisions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4094.1s	4094.1	 Being a little self-reflective. Where were we all six months ago?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4100.5s	4100.5	 Where were we in October when we were putting more money in and they were hiring like crazy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4105.6s	4105.6	 Where were we in November? Right. I remember some of the conversations that we were having,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4110.8s	4110.8	 but I look, I posted in chat, layoffs.fyi. Right. The number one company on that list gets here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4119.2s	4119.2	 Sequoia company. Okay. Are they making a course correction? You bet your ass they are. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4124.6s	4124.6	 laying a 4,500 people, 15% of the workforce. The second company on that list, Lacework,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4131.0s	4131.0	 an altimeter software company that's doing terrific, growing hundreds of percent,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4136.5s	4136.5	 laying off 300 people, 20%. Right. A 90 degrees turn of the plane. Right. That company will never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4143.8s	4143.8	 need cash again, but it's not just flying toward the lightning. They're making the tough decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4148.7s	4148.7	 because that's what leaders do in businesses that are even good businesses. There are a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4153.8s	4153.8	 companies that are shit businesses that should be on this list, but they're bumbling along and not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4159.1s	4159.1	 making the tough decisions. We need venture capitalists that instead of this being a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4164.8s	4164.8	 popularity contest, venture capitalists need to look inside as well and say, what about our firm?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4172.0s	4172.0	 Didn't work. Right. Why weren't we issuing these course corrections and telling people to tap the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4178.2s	4178.2	 brakes a little bit when we knew markets were overheated last year? Right. And so I think there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4184.0s	4184.0	 a lot of responsibility that sits on both sides of the table. But there are 714 startups on this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4190.7s	4190.7	 list. By the time we're done, there are going to be at least 3000 startups on that list.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4195.2s	4195.2	 I was about to say, add a zero. Add a zero. That's another reason I say the Fed is getting what it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4199.9s	4199.9	 wants. Right. This labor market is cooling down very quickly, at least in Silicon Valley.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4205.8s	4205.8	 Well, I mean, and the fact that people felt like they didn't need to take a job and they could live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4209.9s	4209.9	 off credit and there would always be jobs for them. I think people are going to have to rethink,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4214.5s	4214.5	 can I be fun ployed forever? And do I need to take my career seriously? Do I need to pay down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4220.1s	4220.1	 my debt? Do I need to have a balanced balance sheet? My personal balance sheet needs to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4226.3s	4226.3	 in order as well. I think that's what individual workers need to think about. Yeah. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4231.2s	4231.2	 Brad's right that there's certainly enough blame to go around in the ecosystem. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4235.5s	4235.5	 VC's bought into these frothy evaluation levels last year. To some degree, we were all gaslit by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4242.2s	4242.2	 the Fed and these low interest rate policies. I wrote my post about burn multiple and how to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4246.6s	4246.6	 measure capital efficiency two years ago. It's getting a lot more retweets now than it did back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4251.3s	4251.3	 then. But look, do VC's have some self-reflecting to do? Definitely. But I'm seeing a lot of tweets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4258.3s	4258.3	 going around basically saying, people objecting to this advice on the grounds, you'll hear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4264.8s	4264.8	 something like, if you VC's wanted us to operate more efficiently, then you should have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4271.6s	4271.6	 invested more efficiently. Or if you wanted us to be disciplined, you should have been more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4275.9s	4275.9	 disciplined in your investing. And to me, that's kind of missing the point. It's kind of cutting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4279.6s	4279.6	 off your nose to spite your face. The reason we're giving this advice is because we just want our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4284.8s	4284.8	 companies to survive. And we don't want to zero. We've been through multiple down cycles. And the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4290.6s	4290.6	 truth of the matter is, unless you've been in the business world for over 14 years, you've never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4295.2s	4295.2	 been through a down cycle. I mean, that means that, you know, no founder under the age of what like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4301.2s	4301.2	 36 has even seen a down cycle before. They don't know what it can be like when you go into a two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4307.4s	4307.4	 year nuclear winter. They probably weren't the pilots at that time anyway. So it's more like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4311.5s	4311.5	 people who are 40, 45 have the scar tissue because they were in the pilot seat. Totally. So the reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4316.8s	4316.8	 you're hearing all these VCs all of a sudden say get more disciplined is is mainly because we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4322.0s	4322.0	 seen this movie before. And we don't want to run out of money and die. I think you can say be short,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4328.6s	4328.6	 if you could the stock of all of these rando peanut gallery CEOs tweeting their disdain on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4336.4s	4336.4	 Twitter. If you're right, that would be a great index index down fixing stuff. Just write that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4342.3s	4342.3	 company to zero. Yeah, just turn your fucking Twitter and just sharpening pencils. I we would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4347.6s	4347.6	 be remiss if we didn't talk about at least for this last segment about the tragedy in Uvalde,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4355.4s	4355.4	 Uvalde, Texas, 80 miles west of San Antonio and Tuesday, 19 elementary kids, two adults were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4362.7s	4362.7	 murdered. How are we going to talk about this without losing our shit? It's really hard. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4368.8s	4368.8	 maybe the roadmap trauma, I did give this a lot of thought. I was like, why is this first segment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4373.5s	4373.5	 on the market trundling along on fucking life support for an hour and 10 minutes. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4377.9s	4377.9	 part of it is because none of us can really talk about this without losing our cool. It's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4382.3s	4382.3	 hard. And but I do think we did good work. Trimoth. I was thinking about the good work we did in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4387.6s	4387.6	 episode of Roe v Wade. And we actually came to a point where we said, you know, here are the extreme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4392.5s	4392.5	 positions. And then you're like, Hey, wait a second, I found this data point, I found this data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4395.7s	4395.7	 point, and we actually figured out, hey, 80% of people want this definition of abortion in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4403.1s	4403.1	 United States. So I'll throw it to you, Trimoth, you know, we're all outraged, we're all frustrated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4408.3s	4408.3	 But maybe we could start there. Is there a consensus of what could be accomplished here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4413.7s	4413.7	 that you've come to? I've started to think about it a whole bunch. But you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4418.4s	4418.4	 we're all outraged, we could all yell and scream here. But a path forward is where my mind goes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4423.2s	4423.2	 I'll just tell you what I what I have been thinking about. Okay. This is just a random stream of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4430.3s	4430.3	 consciousness. Let's do it. I think that the democrats will not make any progress.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4439.4s	4439.4	 Because they try to make this unfortunately, a moral virtue signaling issue. The republicans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4448.9s	4448.9	 will not make any progress. Because they become sort of very binary adamant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4456.8s	4456.8	 absolutists about constitutional rights and the interpretation of that right in a very specific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4461.8s	4461.8	 way. The truth is in the middle. You know, if you go back before we talk about you Valde,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4469.3s	4469.3	 Peyton John Drone, who was the kid that shot up a tops supermarket in Buffalo and killed umpteen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4476.4s	4476.4	 you know, black shoppers, lived in a state where there was a red flag law for those that don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4483.8s	4483.8	 understand what red flag laws are. David, you know, tweeted some stuff about it as well. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4488.4s	4488.4	 essentially, it allows a community member or a family member or a school teacher or a police
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4494.7s	4494.7	 officer to essentially put a restraining order around an individual that they think could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4500.5s	4500.5	 cause harm and use that as a way to confiscate their weapons. People have talked about red
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4504.8s	4504.8	 flag laws as being possible. While he lived in a state, the kid was, you know, put under a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4509.7s	4509.7	 cycle, you know, a year ago, and it all just falls through the cracks. Now, you know, Ted Cruz or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4516.8s	4516.8	 somebody else said, let's spend $10 billion and only have one door into a school and put an armed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4522.3s	4522.3	 guard there. Well, then you find out that you Valde, you know, doubled their security spend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4528.3s	4528.3	 over the last two or three years. They actually had a person that may or may not have just kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4534.0s	4534.0	 of like step to the side or something to let them in. The police, according to the AP,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4540.1s	4540.1	 showed up and stood around for 40 minutes before they were able to actually breach the school,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4545.3s	4545.3	 you know, so much so that the quote in the AP article was that there was a parent that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4549.6s	4549.6	 tried to get other parents to for 40 minutes, they were standing there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4555.1s	4555.1	 You know, in California, you have, you know, very restrictive measures. But we've had, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4561.3s	4561.3	 in San Bernardino and other places, we've had mass shootings here as well, because the guns can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4564.8s	4564.8	 just get transported across state lines. And there's there's no real way to stop this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4569.6s	4569.6	 The NRA, I find out just so if you guys are interested,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4574.1s	4574.1	 Mitt Romney took $13.6 million from the NRA. This is the moral finger wagger of the Republican side,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4582.4s	4582.4	 who, you know, last time I checked is a multi centi millionaire, but somehow still needs to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4587.2s	4587.2	 $13 million from these folks. Rich Burr took 7 million, Roy Blunt 4.5 million,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4593.0s	4593.0	 Tom Tillis 4.4 million, Cory Gardner 4 million, Marco Rubio 3.3 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4598.8s	4598.8	 There's no effective counter lobby that says, How about we have a more moderate and restrained pro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4606.2s	4606.2	 gun set of rights and field candidates on the left and the right that could Jason find this middle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4611.7s	4611.7	 ground. And so, you know, we're in this two or three day period, it seems like where folks will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4619.2s	4619.2	 get extreme, and then nothing will happen. Here's one thing that I think we can all agree as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4625.2s	4625.2	 If you look at the underlying family situation of all of these mass shooters, there is a really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4632.2s	4632.2	 disturbing theme that I think is worth putting out there. These are all universally young men,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4638.1s	4638.1	 1819 odd years old. They come from broken families. This individual Salvatore Ramos,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4647.6s	4647.6	 father was absent. Again, according to the Times in the Wall Street Journal article, I read mother
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4653.6s	4653.6	 intermittent drug use issues lived with the grandmother bullied. They're unemployed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4658.8s	4658.8	 barely graduated if graduated at all in high school. They harbored these deep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4663.8s	4663.8	 resentments towards women or minority groups. They then project a lot of their frustration.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4670.3s	4670.3	 They were bullied potentially in high school growing up. And all of the they were posting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4675.4s	4675.4	 all kinds of very challenging content. You know, apparently this kid had a one tick tock of where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4682.0s	4682.0	 he sat in a car with a dead cat in a paper bag. You know, he would post on Instagram of assault
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4687.2s	4687.2	 rifles. And nothing happens. So I just think that we have to acknowledge that there's a complete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4695.0s	4695.0	 failure of our politicians. And at this point, I think they should all be replaced writ large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4701.7s	4701.7	 every single one. Nobody has added value to this solution is nobody has really tried to figure this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4707.2s	4707.2	 out. But then also like, parents have to do something incrementally more from the perspective of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4714.8s	4714.8	 the community. Because these kids are going to school with our kids. And the red flags are there,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4720.2s	4720.2	 the red flags are there. So just one last thing. And I said, I said, Brad, I said to my kids,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4724.6s	4724.6	 when you interact with your friends, I just want you to understand when you're on social media,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4728.0s	4728.0	 and you encounter this content. I hope you're never like either scared, or embarrassed, or unsure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4734.4s	4734.4	 enough to just show somebody when this stuff is happening, so that you can let somebody with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4739.2s	4739.2	 little bit more maturity and judgment, try to figure out what to do if anything at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4743.3s	4743.3	 But these communities are completely failing. These kids as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4747.1s	4747.1	 Brad, you have some data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4748.5s	4748.5	 I would say that every fucking country on the planet has kids with mental health disorders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4755.5s	4755.5	 But not every country on the planet has kids getting shot up in schools and supermarkets and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4761.8s	4761.8	 churches. That is a unique feature of the system that we accept this system we created. Right,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4770.9s	4770.9	 I'm not against guns. You guys know I took my kids to a shooting range last weekend. But the idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4778.5s	4778.5	 that we let, you know, assault weapons be sold in this country with no background checks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4787.0s	4787.0	 that we let assault rifles be sold in this country with no limits on magazine sizes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4793.4s	4793.4	 that you can just replace magazines, it's total insanity. Right, so I think this is a country that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4801.5s	4801.5	 does a lot to self-help, but we are not self-helping here. After the assassination attempt of Ronald
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4808.2s	4808.2	 Reagan, amazingly Republicans found their voice and they said, let's have an assault
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4817.8s	4817.8	 ban on assault weapons, or let's have a ban on assault weapons that expired.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4823.0s	4823.0	 And we as, I asked my analysts, I said plot the number of shootings since the expiration of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4830.7s	4830.7	 that ban. And it's terrifying. Yeah, it's obvious. And it should be something that we just like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4838.0s	4838.0	 don't accept like the middle ground, Jason, I saw what you tweeted, there is an obvious middle ground.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4845.0s	4845.0	 There's about whether it's background checks that Steve Kerr, I mean, he's gone viral,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4850.8s	4850.8	 feeling the same way we all feel, but there are also technical solutions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4855.3s	4855.3	 Why the hell do we let assault weapons, why not put a scrambling device on these weapons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4861.9s	4861.9	 so that you can't fire them in schools and churches. If somebody says that's a breach of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4867.6s	4867.6	 their second amendment rights, I'm sorry, I'm also not going to allow you to drive into the schoolyard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4873.3s	4873.3	 with nuclear material. There are some rational limits we can agree to. So I don't think this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4880.9s	4880.9	 a partisan thing at this point in time. Nobody's saying, you know, ban all guns, right? In fact,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4886.8s	4886.8	 I think there's a plurality among gun owners. They too want reasonable limitations on these things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4894.8s	4894.8	 which are killing machines, not hunting machines. Sax, any thoughts on this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4899.9s	4899.9	 Yeah, I mean, I so I think if we're looking for solutions, I think these red flag laws and building
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4904.6s	4904.6	 on them is the way to go. The problem with background checks, and I'm not against them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4913.1s	4913.1	 I've gone through background checks to get my guns and I'm in favor of them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4917.3s	4917.3	 but they wouldn't have done anything to stop the Buffalo shooter. They didn't. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4921.6s	4921.6	 the Buffalo shooter was in New York. They've got the toughest gun control laws in the nation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4926.2s	4926.2	 The background check didn't stop him from getting the gun because he bought it lawfully,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4929.6s	4929.6	 didn't have a criminal record. So, you know, it doesn't that by itself isn't going to do it. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4935.6s	4935.6	 I think where these red flag laws are useful is that we've seen with these all these school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4940.7s	4940.7	 shooters, they have a similar kind of profile, right? They are disturbed young men like in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4948.7s	4948.7	 who are still school age 1819. Exactly. Now this shooter in Yuvaldi, I mean, there are reports
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4956.9s	4956.9	 coming out now that he had been cutting his face, that he had aimed a BB gun at people. So he was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4962.5s	4962.5	 clearly idioting towards this idea of shooting people. He had posted violent fantasies basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4970.7s	4970.7	 of mass shootings on social media. And he told his classmates he wanted to kill them. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4975.9s	4975.9	 there's almost always a call for help here. Almost the same with the Buffalo shooting. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4980.0s	4980.0	 the people who these like psychos go to school with are the least surprised they all know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4985.8s	4985.8	 because these people have been warning, they've been saying that they're going to do it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4989.8s	4989.8	 So I think we have this problem of we've got these young psychotic people. And I think the reason why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=4996.3s	4996.3	 it happens young is when somehow they get into adulthood, whatever this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5000.9s	5000.9	 mental illness they've got basically takes hold, and they snap, they become psychotic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5006.1s	5006.1	 And it doesn't take long for them to act on those fantasy, those violent fantasies. So the simple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5011.8s	5011.8	 solution here, I think, is to prevent those people from getting guns. If you threaten mass violence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5019.7s	5019.7	 you shouldn't be able to get a gun. And I personally don't think that's an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5023.3s	5023.3	 abridgment of Second Amendment rights, because look, felons can't get guns either.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5027.2s	5027.2	 If you commit a felony, you can't get a gun. These people haven't committed a felony yet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5032.6s	5032.6	 but I don't want to wait until they do. If they have these kinds of red flags against them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5038.4s	5038.4	 then there should be a way to file to basically get a protective order.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5042.2s	5042.2	 David, we don't we don't let 12 year olds drive cars. We don't let them drink beer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5046.3s	5046.3	 because we don't want 12 year olds drunk driving, right? And then at some point, there's a licensing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5050.4s	5050.4	 that occurs. I think a lot of this is framing. I think it's just once again, very analogous to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5056.2s	5056.2	 abortion issue, where most people are pro choice and want restrictions on abortion where they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5062.6s	5062.6	 don't occur after a certain number of weeks, just like Europe got to. And I was just, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5067.6s	5067.6	 ideating on this. And I think replacing the NRA to your point, Jamal, they have funded people,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5073.6s	5073.6	 they've become a key funding source for a lot of folks. And they've they've been overfunded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5078.7s	5078.7	 themselves. What if we had Americans for reasonable gun safety, and we have this organization raise a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5084.2s	5084.2	 ton of money, and they just outbid the NRA for Republicans and for people who are against background
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5090.3s	5090.3	 checks. And we just have a question. But look, Mike Bloomberg started Everytown for gun control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5094.8s	5094.8	 after Newtown, and it did it hasn't really had, I think the impact that that we wanted, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5100.3s	5100.3	 well, I think part of it is to what you said, so let me just give you my my little four bullet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5105.7s	5105.7	 points here and have you react. It you are right that people are absolutists, no abortion, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5111.3s	5111.3	 no restrictions, and no guns, or no restrictions on guns, background checks, we all agree on make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5118.0s	5118.0	 them more intense and make them proportional to the caliber of the weapon. If you want one of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5123.2s	5123.2	 weapons, why don't we have you go through a training course. So for a pistol, you've got a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5127.1s	5127.1	 two hour training course for an AR 15, or something that's more powerful, how about an eight hour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5131.2s	5131.2	 course a four hour course, then you could actually see the red flags emerge and with somebody who has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5135.5s	5135.5	 this red flag issue, go through that. The red flag law should be national and they should be very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5140.4s	5140.4	 strong. And then finally, what if we introduced insurance for certain classes of weapons, not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5145.4s	5145.4	 all if you want to get a rifle, you know, to go hunting or a pistol for self defense, maybe you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5150.0s	5150.0	 don't need to have insurance, or maybe if you have one, you don't need to have insurance. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5153.2s	5153.2	 once you get to high caliber, once you get to having clips that are a certain size, what if we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5158.9s	5158.9	 just had some basic insurance, because that would force then somebody to underwrite the danger of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5163.8s	5163.8	 that weapon. I mean, look, the trick here is to figure out a system that has the least possible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5170.0s	5170.0	 impact on law abiding Americans, there's maybe a few 1000 of these mentally highly mentally disturbed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5178.4s	5178.4	 young men. But like I said, their schools know who they are. Yeah, right. And what we need is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5185.9s	5185.9	 process where you know, that doesn't turn into the no fly list, where all of a sudden everybody's on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5190.8s	5190.8	 it, or training or content moderation or something like that. This is the problem. Look, this is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5196.6s	5196.6	 the NRA is afraid of is that you create a red flag process. And all of a sudden, thousands or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5201.3s	5201.3	 millions of people could be on it, right. So you need a right, but that's not true, because you had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5205.9s	5205.9	 you had this kid who could have been put on it in New York, he wasn't right. No, no, no, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5210.4s	5210.4	 I think we need to I think we need to figure out how do you create due process around this. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5215.2s	5215.2	 think I think if a school they know, I mean, you get multiple affidavits from a teacher, they should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5220.4s	5220.4	 be put on the list. Yeah, school is a no brainer. Police officers. The problem isn't that these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5225.6s	5225.6	 these kids aren't identifiable. Because as you say, David, they're hiding in plain sight in these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5229.8s	5229.8	 schools. The problem is that there's no mechanism or incentive for any of these kids, parents,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5235.6s	5235.6	 educators, teachers, community members to do something about it. Because they don't know what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5240.7s	5240.7	 that something is. And this is where these kids are left to fester, fester, fester, and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5245.9s	5245.9	 and it boils over. And it's all of us that have to pay a collective price. David, can you respond to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5251.7s	5251.7	 it worse than that, Chamath, because in the Buffalo case, the the Buffalo shooter was referred to for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5257.3s	5257.3	 psychiatric evaluation, because they thought he did have mental illness. And then they released him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5262.0s	5262.0	 released after a weekend. And then he got the gun. So he should have been put on a red flag list. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5266.9s	5266.9	 that should have been the end of it. It's a database like a federal database, which they're the NRA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5271.4s	5271.4	 fights to. I also want to say something about these technology companies. There is an explicit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5276.4s	5276.4	 decision that technology companies can make to be able to review content from certain kinds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5285.1s	5285.1	 accounts and start to build a cluster and a distribution of risk. It is possible I help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5291.2s	5291.2	 build one for one of these companies. So don't tell me it's not and I I will not tolerate some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5295.9s	5295.9	 non technical person telling me it's not possible. It is absolutely possible. And these technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5301.7s	5301.7	 companies should have a mechanism to be able to say, you know what, here are these 1000 accounts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5307.6s	5307.6	 David in the United States of these 1000 individuals that you know, are sort of getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5312.7s	5312.7	 to a red line here. Yeah, and client whatever. But it's it's also it's not it's not just going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5319.0s	5319.0	 what they post on social media. It's although in both cases, Buffalo and you've all the they both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5324.1s	5324.1	 posted that they were going to do what they did. But in addition to that, no, it's the breadcrumbs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5329.1s	5329.1	 Yes, exactly. What he's saying is an early warning system. Warning system is a great idea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5333.8s	5333.8	 With you've all the the cops were called out multiple times for violent disturbances, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5339.4s	5339.4	 and you combine that with what he's telling people in the schools, and what he's posting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5344.3s	5344.3	 on social media, you it's there's an identifiable profile here. It's not one red flag is multiple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5349.7s	5349.7	 red flags. This is where this is where these corporate social media companies need to take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5356.2s	5356.2	 off all of this for profit. Focus. That's extreme at this point. Be willing to degrade margins to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5364.0s	5364.0	 hire the 10s of 1000s of people to manually review content. Okay, there should be a mechanism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5369.6s	5369.6	 that allows these folks to plug into some system that law enforcement can use. There is an early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5375.2s	5375.2	 warning system that can be built layer, great idea, human review, before this stuff gets out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5381.7s	5381.7	 of control, David to control people's individual civil liberties. Okay. But that is a big step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5387.6s	5387.6	 forward from where we are today, which is nothing there is zero leadership in America.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5392.0s	5392.0	 Can I just ask David one question, David, you correctly pointed out, I think it's astute that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5398.2s	5398.2	 we can't penalize people who are legally getting guns or create too much friction for them. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5401.9s	5401.9	 understand that. Would you consider training or insurance and just take each one individually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5407.5s	5407.5	 for high capacity, these deadly assault rifles, would you consider what would you consider each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5413.2s	5413.2	 of those in terms of realistic, you know, having some basic training, a four hour training class,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5418.4s	5418.4	 I mean, like you do for like you do for driving a car, should we have that first assault rifles,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5422.4s	5422.4	 and then should insurance be required? What training does is prevent accidental shootings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5428.0s	5428.0	 Okay, that's great. I'm not against training. I love training. I do training. But, but look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5432.6s	5432.6	 what should be mandatory, what training prevents is, is accidental shootings,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5437.0s	5437.0	 Buffalo and you've all the and all these school shootings, they're not actual shootings, they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5440.0s	5440.0	 going out there and killing as many people as possible. And they know how to use these weapons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5443.5s	5443.5	 I mean, the problem is, is what their objectives are. So I don't think training solves it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5448.4s	5448.4	 Well, let me ask you this, if you were in training for four hours, and you're an instructor,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5451.4s	5451.4	 and you were trained to look for red flags, and it prepped some friction from this person going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5455.7s	5455.7	 and buying it and doing the next day, wouldn't that help and then going to have to buy insurance,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5459.9s	5459.9	 the Buffalo shooter case this this grocery store for like four months, I mean, they are patient,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5464.8s	5464.8	 they are methodical in how they go about they would have gotten to the train. I think so. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5469.7s	5469.7	 we don't even necessarily need that filter, Jake out because I'm just telling you that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5474.0s	5474.0	 the profiles of these psychos, it's so dramatic. When you go back and look, I mean, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5480.2s	5480.2	 multiple red flags, they're killing animals, I just don't want to BB guns. They've been the cops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5485.2s	5485.2	 have been called out on them. They're posting on social media, their classmates are all terrified
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5488.8s	5488.8	 of them. Their own families are terrified of them. Now we just need to basically, we need an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5494.4s	5494.4	 incentive to Chumas point for schools, I think, to create these profiles and file the right forms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5500.2s	5500.2	 the affidavits in the database. Now do insurance for high capacity assault rifles, would you be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5505.2s	5505.2	 in favor of and do you think it's a viable solution? I don't understand what that does.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5509.3s	5509.3	 Well, it means you would have to apply and say, hey, I'm Jason Calacanis, I'm 18 years old,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5513.6s	5513.6	 I'm in this school, I would like to apply to own an AR 15. And then some insurance companies say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5518.3s	5518.3	 okay, you're 18 years old, you're a male, you live in Texas, your bill is going to be $600 a year for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5523.9s	5523.9	 this gun. Okay, you're a 45 year old male in Wyoming, your bill is going to be $100 for this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5528.9s	5528.9	 because we've done some actuary tables on the actual risk. Would you be in favor of insurance?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5533.2s	5533.2	 I think the key to solving this problem is to create the minimum disruption on law abiding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5538.4s	5538.4	 Americans who have 10s of millions of them who like insurance. Look, I don't know what that would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5544.0s	5544.0	 do exactly. I want to stop the basically that I think what are a relatively small number of psychos,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5550.8s	5550.8	 young psychos, maybe there's only a few hundred or a few thousand sort of candidates in the entire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5556.4s	5556.4	 country. I don't want I don't want to wait for them to become felons to basically prevent them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5561.2s	5561.2	 from getting guns. And by the way, there's a there's there's a bunch of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5566.7s	5566.7	 study about this. There's been a lot of social science studies about the individuals that own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5572.3s	5572.3	 guns legally, and those individuals that sort of break and commit these crimes. And whether we want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5577.7s	5577.7	 to admit it or not, there is a definable archetype. It starts with gender, then there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5584.3s	5584.3	 socio economic conditions, then there's you know, home family conditions. These are knowable things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5592.0s	5592.0	 These can be built into a combination of software and human review. And we need to create incentives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5598.2s	5598.2	 so that these kids can get some kind of help or intervention. And the worst case is we kind of,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5604.4s	5604.4	 you know, do something with them in a way that helps us protect everybody else because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5610.0s	5610.0	 Sorry to interrupt, we do this every day. We turn this country on its head after September 11.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5617.8s	5617.8	 We started profiling everybody and to sex is like minimum standard of disrupting other people's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5624.4s	5624.4	 lives. The Department of Homeland Security disrupted everybody's lives. Take off your shoes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5631.2s	5631.2	 go through the security before you get on a plane. We changed everything in months,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5637.5s	5637.5	 because we said we're under attack. But there we're under attack by a foreign presence,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5643.2s	5643.2	 a foreign terrorist presence. Here we're under attack by sick kids who need help.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5649.0s	5649.0	 Okay, but we need to disrupt our lives. We need to change things, right in order to save these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5655.6s	5655.6	 innocent kids who are being shot up in schools where they're supposed to be safe. And so I agree,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5661.9s	5661.9	 let's profile them. Let's get these companies doing their jobs, helping us identify these kids,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5668.8s	5668.8	 get these kids help. But we need to raise the volume and raise the urgency in DC the way we did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5675.2s	5675.2	 after September 11, 2001 that this is a national crisis, as opposed to going back to the normal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5683.3s	5683.3	 right distribution here. By the way, after 2011, I was on a no fly list. And I think I've told you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5689.9s	5689.9	 guys this story before, but I would have the triple s on my boarding pass for years until about 2007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5696.1s	5696.1	 or 2008. constantly profiled, you know, put in the back room the whole nine yards. But in the end,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5704.6s	5704.6	 you know, did it make me feel kind of like less than a lot of other people? Yes. But did I do it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5711.0s	5711.0	 because I think it was the on the broad strokes, the right thing to do? Yeah. So you would take a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5716.0s	5716.0	 little friction. And so you know, if I needed to basically turn over all my kids, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5721.1s	5721.1	 social media, or there was a mechanism where, you know, as much as we try to teach our kids,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5727.7s	5727.7	 you know, all of these other things that that allow us to make a socially progressive society,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5731.9s	5731.9	 if the guidance counselor also sat around and asked these kids anonymously, Hey, is there anybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5736.0s	5736.0	 in your class you think needs your help? Why don't you do that too? There's there is friction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5741.5s	5741.5	 because that that I think we're all willing to take because the counterfactual is too horrible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5748.1s	5748.1	 to bear. And this is an example of one of those things. Would you be in favor of insurance and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5754.4s	5754.4	 training trauma? I or the assault rifles? I don't I think these are good ideas. Okay, I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5760.9s	5760.9	 they will curb the issue. I do think what David said is right. There's a level of evil,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5767.6s	5767.6	 or mental illness in these people that caused them to be incredibly methodical. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5774.7s	5774.7	 that we shouldn't underestimate. So they would get to the insurance screen, they get to the training
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5780.2s	5780.2	 screen. Well, I think I think, you know, look, there's a lot of people that drive cars without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5783.8s	5783.8	 insurance, right? It's you can drive, you can be insured. And, you know, so I think that those are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5789.0s	5789.0	 good ideas, Jason. Where it will falter is we have a political system, where the primaries for both
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5799.0s	5799.0	 sides are dictated by the looniest 10% of the left and the right. Yeah, we got a vote in our primary,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5805.1s	5805.1	 it makes practical gun control just like abortion, an impossible task, unless we completely turn our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5813.6s	5813.6	 political class upside down on both sides of the aisle. Okay, so I think these are good ideas. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5820.0s	5820.0	 in the meantime, I think parents have to do something because nobody's coming to our aid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5824.0s	5824.0	 And I think this the most important thing we can do is just say the truth out loud. There is an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5829.8s	5829.8	 identifiable archetype. I mean, we should profile these kids, we should profile them. There's no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5834.4s	5834.4	 doubt there. The politicians who are making this about lawful gun ownership, they're not helping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5839.6s	5839.6	 they're actually hurting because you're activating millions of Americans who lawfully own guns and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5846.4s	5846.4	 believe in the Second Amendment to oppose reasonable measures. Like, like I'm saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5852.4s	5852.4	 hyper targeted measures, like these red flag laws, right. And so if we make the whole issue about gun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5858.8s	5858.8	 ownership in general, you're not going to get any reasonable changes. The sales go up, the sales go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5865.8s	5865.8	 up every time we have this happen. My kids, and I'm sure your kids as well, have now gone through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5871.9s	5871.9	 multiple active shooter drills in our school. Yep. But at no point have my kids been sat down and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5878.0s	5878.0	 taught some of the warning signs of their fellow classmates, and a mechanism to raise their hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5883.1s	5883.1	 and say, you know what, this is actually really worrisome here. They don't have that training,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5888.1s	5888.1	 they do have training on how to lock the door, how to flip a desk, how to go into a closet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5892.9s	5892.9	 which is a horrible thing to have to teach a child. But if we're already there, I just say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5898.1s	5898.1	 take the extra step and teach the kids, because they're living on Instagram and TikTok every day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5903.2s	5903.2	 they see their friends and their, you know, classmates every day. And we need to start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5908.4s	5908.4	 figuring out an early warning system because what is happening continues to happen. These politicians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5914.9s	5914.9	 are ineffective, they do nothing to help parents. Right. That's true. I like I like the early warning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5921.2s	5921.2	 system because you're right, like they're so first of all, the red flag laws are something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5925.1s	5925.1	 that's done on a state by state basis, something like 19 states have red flag laws, including New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5929.9s	5929.9	 York, but it didn't work in New York, the Buffalo Shooter, because no one no one used the system.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5934.2s	5934.2	 No, I don't think it has to be federal. I just think that people actually have, I think people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5937.9s	5937.9	 just have to use the system. So you had in the Buffalo Shooter, the kid was referred for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5942.4s	5942.4	 psychiatric treatment, and they still didn't red flag him. That's just bonkers. So people have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5947.2s	5947.2	 the school systems have to learn how to use these laws. And so to Tomas point, we need an early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5952.8s	5952.8	 warning system, we need that translating into red flags that go on someone's record, and then they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5957.6s	5957.6	 can't buy guns after that. It's really simple, at least till maybe they turn 30 or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5962.8s	5962.8	 I mean, it's, it's the problem is that about half the states don't have this mechanism. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5970.0s	5970.0	 the half that do aren't using it effectively enough. I just shared with you guys a chart,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5974.0s	5974.0	 the the the the most pernicious part of this debate, and I think this is a pretty solid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5978.6s	5978.6	 debate we had here. So thank you to the gentleman for all participating in it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5983.4s	5983.4	 Is every time we have one of these gun sales spike, if you look at the chart in the New York
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5986.9s	5986.9	 Times, I just shared a Nick, you can you can share it on the YouTube channel. Two million guns in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5991.2s	5991.2	 January after Obama's reelection, the Sandy Hook shooting, we hit peak guns, obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5995.1s	5995.1	 during Coronavirus, people got scared and bought a bunch of guns. After September 11, they bought a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=5998.8s	5998.8	 lot of guns. But these moments are sadly going to drive a 15 set. Because all the conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6006.0s	6006.0	 is about banning guns. Yes, we should be doing is preventing psychos from getting guns. No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6011.9s	6011.9	 we need to have some controls reasonable gun control increased by 50% in the last 10 years,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6016.8s	6016.8	 the last 10 years have been the safest 10 years in our lifetime. Yet, for some reason, people feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6023.0s	6023.0	 the need to arm themselves more and more and more. Now, I as an immigrant into this country,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6028.8s	6028.8	 except the rules of the country that I come to, there's a constitution, there's a second amendment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6033.2s	6033.2	 I respect people's rights to own gun, I've held a gun. Once in my life, I had a panic attack,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6039.6s	6039.6	 and I had to put it down. So it's not for me. Okay. But I respect your right to have them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6046.9s	6046.9	 I think that we need to teach people how to think about the precursors before they get the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6052.7s	6052.7	 hold of these things. Really, sadly, what's killing our kids? It turns out I just put a I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6059.0s	6059.0	 just put the tweet in the chat for you guys to take a look at New England Journal of Medicine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6064.0s	6064.0	 Massive uptick now guns deaths. Combined, it's all gun deaths includes gangs includes suicide,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6071.9s	6071.9	 and includes mass shootings. But firearm related deaths and injuries now exceeds motor vehicle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6078.6s	6078.6	 crashes and so does opioids. So we have a crisis after New England Journal of Medicine, just to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6083.9s	6083.9	 very honest, it's no it's not necessarily only about kids because they included 18 and 19 year olds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6090.4s	6090.4	 in that chart. So those are adults, okay, young adults and kids. And so drug overdoses and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6097.5s	6097.5	 firearm related are spiking massively. This is my point about having this debate. This is being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6102.8s	6102.8	 armed by the by the left, and then the right says, well, hold on, it doesn't include 18.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6108.6s	6108.6	 And then everybody gets caught in that whole. Absolutely. The shooting these shootings are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6113.7s	6113.7	 being done by people 1819. But putting all this aside, I just want to make a bigger point about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6118.4s	6118.4	 our children. In the last two years with this COVID, the spike occurred during COVID of drug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6123.3s	6123.3	 overdoses and firearms. So there's a lot of suicide in here as well. So we should think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6126.8s	6126.8	 holistically about, you know, how kids are dying. One other thing to that, which is we have plenty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6132.0s	6132.0	 of gun laws on the books that aren't enforced right now in San Francisco, you can't get Chesa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6136.8s	6136.8	 Boudin to enforce a gun charge. He a young kid named Kelvin Chu got killed. Because his his killer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6145.9s	6145.9	 a guy named Zion Young, he was arrested weeks before on gun charges, and Chesa Boudin just let
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6151.0s	6151.0	 him go. And in LA with Gascon, he's dropped all gun enhancements to charges. The whole the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6158.2s	6158.2	 thing is across the board prosecutors who aren't even prosecuting the gun laws we got on the books,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6163.2s	6163.2	 that's got to change. And Ted Cruz thinks this is about the backdoor being unlocked. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6168.2s	6168.2	 the stupidity across the board left to right, everybody in between the competence is stunning,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6173.2s	6173.2	 and it has to stop. Yeah, but Jacob, look, I mean, if you make this about people's lawful gun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6178.0s	6178.0	 ownership, they're going to oppose what you want to do, we got to make it. Some incremental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6182.6s	6182.6	 controls, don't you? Great, there has to be some control. The controls are basically preventing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6187.5s	6187.5	 known psychos from getting weapons. Okay, so you want to focus on that. But to be clear,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6192.4s	6192.4	 no additional gun control for you. background checks or anything? Or background checks?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6197.6s	6197.6	 I just want to be clear, red flag laws and background checks are good. I know we have to wrap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6202.1s	6202.1	 I think the consensus was around red flag. There's a known profile Chamath articulated it well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6208.8s	6208.8	 David, I don't think we help the cause to build the consensus by calling a sick 16 year old kid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6216.3s	6216.3	 struggling with self identity a psycho. And because they're their kids who live all around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6222.2s	6222.2	 us, this isn't about lecture, this is about building consensus, I think we can profile those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6226.8s	6226.8	 folks, they clearly have psychotic challenges, right, but there is intervention to help these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6234.8s	6234.8	 kids. I know a lot of kids who frankly had challenges during high school who turned out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6239.2s	6239.2	 to be great, great human beings. So these are kids at a very vulnerable age, we should profile them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6246.0s	6246.0	 within the community, social networks should help us identify these folks, and we should get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6250.4s	6250.4	 them help. And I think you can build a reasonable consensus around that. Yeah, I agree. Just to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6255.6s	6255.6	 explain myself, I'm by when I use the word psycho, I'm referring to the the ones who actually became
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6261.1s	6261.1	 shooters, you know, I'm referring to those ones, you're right that if we're talking about people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6265.6s	6265.6	 who haven't done anything yet, who are mentally ill, yes, we should get them help. So I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6270.8s	6270.8	 mental illness, you know, this is and this goes to healthcare as well, we should have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6276.0s	6276.0	 national mental health services available freely to every American, we are in a mental health crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6282.5s	6282.5	 between COVID and just modern life and suicide is becoming the number one cause of death, sadly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6288.5s	6288.5	 for many demographics now, including our kids. And so while we do a great job making cars safer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6296.0s	6296.0	 and creating life saving drugs and emergency rooms and medical attention has gotten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6300.8s	6300.8	 unbelievable. And we're making all these, you know, great advances. Mental health,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6305.6s	6305.6	 we're not making the advances we need. I'm so so so sorry to all those families.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6310.0s	6310.0	 Yeah, this is just heartbreaking. I get emotional. Yeah, I'm just so sorry for all those people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6317.2s	6317.2	 dealing with it. It's heartbreaking. Yeah, heartbreaking. Let's take some action here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6321.2s	6321.2	 Enough with the thoughts and prayers. Let's actually come up with a fucking plan and just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6325.0s	6325.0	 I've been on it for years. I put up with it. Sorry for the indignity. It's okay. I said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6332.2s	6332.2	 my honest perspective is there's a clustering and a technology component to this that can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6338.3s	6338.3	 meaningfully help. And we need to start knowing that there are these patterns, we need to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6345.2s	6345.2	 the words out loud, they are patterns for these school shooters, for these mass shooters,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6351.0s	6351.0	 those patterns can be written down, they have been written down. And we need to do something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6356.6s	6356.6	 about it, they need to be codified in some form of algorithms. And if we've already taught our kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6361.2s	6361.2	 how to duck and hide, I think we can also teach our kids how to raise your hand well before they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6365.1s	6365.1	 need to learn to duck and identify who's being bullied into your point, your mouth about being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6369.0s	6369.0	 profiled. If we profile somebody, and they're not a mass shooter candidate, but they're just depressed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6374.5s	6374.5	 or they're being bullied. Well, that's very, that they deserve help as well. So there's no downside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6379.6s	6379.6	 to profiling somebody who's struggling, you're profiling them with the intent of getting them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6384.0s	6384.0	 help. So let's just profile the kids who are struggling, profile them for good. And you'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6389.7s	6389.7	 catch some, you know, who's struggling a priority. My point is that you actually are being bullied,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6394.1s	6394.1	 they're going to probably be struggling. I mean, you know, the kids getting psychographic and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6397.8s	6397.8	 demographic profiles of the 99% of the cases that we've seen over the last two decades. And all I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6405.8s	6405.8	 encouraging politicians and technology companies to do is come together, create some standard,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6412.1s	6412.1	 you know, we have the downside. What's the downside? None, zero, have mechanisms like this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6416.9s	6416.9	 by the way, where, you know, these technology companies already do these kinds of profiles on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6421.8s	6421.8	 other kinds of situations. You know, typically, you need a FISA request and other kinds of like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6426.0s	6426.0	 legal interventions in order to unlock this data. But it's not as if this is, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6430.8s	6430.8	 antithetical to what they do in other situations. They certainly do it for fraud and advertising.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6435.5s	6435.5	 Not as if the technological prowess of these companies cannot be applied to a K means clustering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6440.2s	6440.2	 of this issue. Okay, just to use a simple machine learning context, like this is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6444.5s	6444.5	 they put a lot of effort into finding click fraud, right? This is going to be a similar problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6450.3s	6450.3	 We don't allow angry young men who've been emailing with the Middle East, who are citizens of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6457.6s	6457.6	 country who've been posting online that they want to run a plane into a building to go get their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6462.8s	6462.8	 pilot's license, right? We profile them after September 11. Then we said no boss. And all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6469.7s	6469.7	 Chamath is saying is use your fucking common sense. Identify these folks that we know are struggling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6475.6s	6475.6	 to need help and put them on a list and say they can't buy an assault weapon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6480.2s	6480.2	 Period. Yeah. All right, everybody, it's time to go. Thank you to Brad Kersner for sitting in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6486.9s	6486.9	 Thanks again to the dictator, Chamath Palihapiti and thanks, Sax. And thanks to everybody who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6492.9s	6492.9	 spoke at the all in summit, we've been releasing all of the videos. Freeburg will be back next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6498.1s	6498.1	 week as well the hammer lucky explosive episode. So look for a great week of all in content next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6504.5s	6504.5	 week. We'll see you all next time. Bye bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6522.7s	6522.7	 I'm going all in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DQ87UHAGTk&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=49&t=6552.7s	6552.7	 We need to get
