https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=0.0s	0.0	 How mad is sax going to get when he sees my button situation today? I'm going to join you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4.4s	4.4	 Jamal, how you doing? Oh my god. Look at the collar situation. Look at the button situation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=10.0s	10.0	 Look at that. Oh, this is fantastic. Oh, hey besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=14.9s	14.9	 Just got off the lake. Where the lake? It's got the lake. Yeah, I was just on the lake with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=19.0s	19.0	 boat. Lake Cuomo. Where were you? I was doing a little wakeboarding Tahoe. Yeah, just a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=23.1s	23.1	 wakeboarding. Me and Zach. Me and Nat took all five kids and we navigated the entire island of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=29.4s	29.4	 Sardinia for eight days. Amazing. And by when you say we navigated, you mean the crew navigated and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=36.2s	36.2	 you ate seafood. Yeah, it took a village.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=38.5s	38.5	 All right, everybody. Welcome to episode 91. Episode 91 of the All In Podcast. Yeah, we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=61.0s	61.0	 still here. Lots of news to discuss this week with me, of course, to chop it up from his deposition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=66.4s	66.4	 room, the war room, the rain man himself, David Sachs. How you doing, brother? Good. Big week for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=71.8s	71.8	 you? They're all big weeks. They're all big weeks. Yeah. You look tired. While we're recording pretty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=78.7s	78.7	 early today. It's a little exhausting. You actually look really tired. What are you talking about? I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=82.7s	82.7	 just got off the lake. I feel fresh. I was just wakeboarding this morning on Lake Tahoe. I feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=87.5s	87.5	 refreshed. I'm refreshed. And of course, in front of his $9 clip art that he blew up on easyprince.org,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=95.5s	95.5	 the Sultan of Science himself, David Prieberg. How are you, sir? Always great to be with you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=99.6s	99.6	 J. Cal. Are you working? It boosts my self-esteem and my morale to be with you every morning that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=105.1s	105.1	 we get to connect over Zoom. Well, I'm glad that your performance has been stratospheric the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=109.9s	109.9	 three weeks. You're going on a hot streak. Let's see if you can continue it on episode 91. And missing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=114.9s	114.9	 many buttons this week. We've got at least a three or four button August going. How are you doing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=122.0s	122.0	 dictator from your island, the remote island? Did you, you invaded an island? Markets go up another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=129.0s	129.0	 5% and one more button comes undone. Oh, I love it. So this is 20% up and we can go to 25. That's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=135.3s	135.3	 bull shirt. Daddy's back. The more bullish he gets on the market, the more he on buttons. Daddy's back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=140.9s	140.9	 Are the low rise jeans on right now or are you wearing shorts? What are you wearing? Show us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=144.4s	144.4	 those stick legs. I'm wearing these beautiful linen shorts. Can you stand up and show us? Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=148.7s	148.7	 come on. Give us a 360. Come on. Let's see what's going on. But these are the most beautiful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=156.1s	156.1	 That's a little too much thigh. Yeah, that's like a chicken wing. You guys like this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=159.8s	159.8	 It looks tight too. Very tight. Are you? Yeah, those are definitely yours. Are you wearing like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=164.7s	164.7	 a children's size or something? Is that a junior size? I like, you know, I like the tighter sizes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=169.1s	169.1	 You do. I do like the tighter sizes. I think they fit my body type. Accentuate all the little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=176.2s	176.2	 bumps and nodules. Too much information. All right. Let's start with, there's a lot to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=181.6s	181.6	 about this week. I think one of the most interesting things last week, we were talking about it in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=187.8s	187.8	 group chat that doesn't exist. Vision Funds, $21 billion investment loss for the quarter. Masayoshi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=194.6s	194.6	 san did a really great YouTube video. I sent it around. Did any of you guys watch the video?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=199.5s	199.5	 Yes. No. Okay. It's really interesting to watch. We'll put it in the show notes. It's like a six
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=204.4s	204.4	 minute interview he put on his earnings page, right? Like right when they put out quarterly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=208.8s	208.8	 earnings, he's like, here's my interview. Yeah. He comes to a podium and basically talks about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=214.2s	214.2	 the Vision Fund. Obviously, if people don't know the Vision Fund, one was $100 billion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=217.8s	217.8	 largest venture fund ever raised. And SoftBank's current market cap is $66 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=223.5s	223.5	 Here's the quote from the FT article. Sunset on Monday, that SoftBank would now subject itself to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=228.9s	228.9	 dramatic cost cutting exercise after a $59 billion investment gain at the two Vision Funds,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=235.8s	235.8	 almost completely reversed over the past six months. They were up almost $60 billion at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=241.0s	241.0	 peak and it came crashing down. Masa kicked off the presentation showing portraits of Tokugawa,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=247.4s	247.4	 Gawa, Iyasu. This is the founding Shogun of Japan's Tokugawa Shogunate. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=254.9s	254.9	 you ruled Japan for six, I mean, I'm killing this. Such a long intro.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=260.2s	260.2	 God, it's so hard. Yeah. I mean, but it was just so great. Let me just play a clip for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=265.5s	265.5	 Here's a 68 second clip and we'll talk about it right after and then we'll get into what all this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=269.0s	269.0	 means. This is a portrait of Tokugawa Iyasu. He actually made a big loss against Takeda Shingen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=277.8s	277.8	 and came back. In the background of that, Tokugawa Iyasu had to face Takeda Shingen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=283.4s	283.4	 which is a much, much larger army than theirs. And most of the allies actually said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=290.5s	290.5	 this is going to be the losing battle so that they should not go for it. But actually,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=295.5s	295.5	 better to stay at the castle. However, Tokugawa Iyasu didn't want to lose his face so that he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=301.8s	301.8	 get out from the castle, had a battle, made a complete loss and suffer and came back. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=308.2s	308.2	 actually learned lesson. He tried to remember and remind his own learnings and put it into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=314.6s	314.6	 this drawing. So since the foundation of SoftBank Group, I made two consecutive quarters loss.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=321.7s	321.7	 So previous quarter and this time quarter consecutively, we made three trillion yen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=328.2s	328.2	 level of the loss. So in total, six trillion yen loss was made in the past six months. So I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=337.2s	337.2	 need to remind that myself. Pretty spectacular loss. And then he goes on to take some Q&A.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=343.5s	343.5	 And this is the I guess the killer quote, when we were turning out big profits, I became somewhat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=347.5s	347.5	 delirious. And looking back at myself, I am quite embarrassed and remorseful. You remember, of course,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=353.4s	353.4	 he complained a little bit in the in this whole thing about how there was a giant bubble without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=357.6s	357.6	 ever recognizing that he kind of created the bubble with a $4 billion check to WeWork at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=362.8s	362.8	 $47 billion valuation after a 20 minute meeting with Adam Newman. This chart is pretty incredible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=368.7s	368.7	 This is the net income quarterly. Essentially, you can think of SoftBank as like a holding company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=374.4s	374.4	 of a bunch of different assets, including Alibaba, previously Uber and all of this vision fund stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=380.0s	380.0	 97% decrease in terms of deployment of capital. So if you look at capital deployment as well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=385.8s	385.8	 nobody ever put this much money to work, especially in privates. The second chart,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=391.3s	391.3	 if you look in Q1 of 2021, they put 20 billion into work. And then Q1 this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=398.3s	398.3	 they're putting 600 million to work. Just quick reflections on this, what we saw here with Masayoshi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=405.0s	405.0	 san deploying $100 billion at the top of the market into and basically creating the market top.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=409.8s	409.8	 Chamath, what other lessons here or takeaways for you? I mean, I think that people don't seem to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=415.9s	415.9	 understand that if you're going to attempt to be great, there are going to be moments where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=423.3s	423.3	 you look the exact opposite of great. The guy that takes the final shot is the same guy that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=429.0s	429.0	 can miss the final shot. And here is a guy over his 50 year career has had some huge ups and downs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=438.4s	438.4	 This is also the same guy that found a way to rip in 25 or $30 million and made $125 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=445.7s	445.7	 off of Alibaba. That's the same kind of person who has that kind of risk tolerance. He was for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=451.8s	451.8	 seven minutes or something, the richest person in the world, and then lost 99% of his wealth in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=456.9s	456.9	 dot-com bubble. I have enormous respect for a person like this because I feel like it takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=462.2s	462.2	 enormous amounts of courage. I've said this before, most people jibber jabber about investing and all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=467.9s	467.9	 of this stuff and push comes to shove. They crumble like little bitches and run into mommy's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=473.0s	473.0	 coattails. It's hard to put lots of money to work and this is a guy that's done it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=478.8s	478.8	 The same person that can make $125 billion turns out is the same person that can lose $30 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=486.7s	486.7	 One thing is I would just keep in mind that this is a resilient guy who seems to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=491.0s	491.0	 land on his feet. The second thing that nobody talks about is how smart Saudi Arabia and Abu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=497.0s	497.0	 Dhabi were in how they structured the investment into the Vision Fund because more than half their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=501.8s	501.8	 investment is in preferred equity, which is effectively debt that pays a coupon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=507.5s	507.5	 You see it now where SoftBank, by the way, who has been pretty smart in how they've managed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=512.3s	512.3	 their Alibaba position, have been using these derivatives and forward swaps to be able to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=516.9s	516.9	 sell and manage their liquidity. It turns out that even if the Vision Fund breaks even,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=523.0s	523.0	 Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi will have made money because I think they paid a 6% coupon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=530.0s	530.0	 on $50 billion. It's a lot of money over six, seven, eight, nine years. It's a lot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=536.7s	536.7	 SoftBank has found a way to sell down 25% of Alibaba, which is no trivial feat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=541.6s	541.6	 for a half a trillion dollar company. This guy gets to keep swinging and if he hits it one more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=548.2s	548.2	 time, he'll end up with half a trillion. This chart is pretty great. Sax, if you look at this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=552.6s	552.6	 this is the gain and loss on investments at the Vision Fund. You can see the first Vision Fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=557.0s	557.0	 racing up, then coming down, I think, after that summer of IPOs that we had in the Airbnb,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=563.8s	563.8	 Uber days, and then a huge peak run up in 2021 and then come and crashing down. Apparently,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=570.7s	570.7	 he wasn't selling any portion of this. That to me was a big lesson of like maybe pairing some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=575.6s	575.6	 of these winners. If it sold 10 or 20% on the way up, this could look like a completely different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=581.0s	581.0	 outcome, but I agree with it, Chamath. He swung for the fences and there was downside protection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=586.0s	586.0	 built in for the LPs into some of these Sax. What are your thoughts? Any lessons here in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=590.8s	590.8	 the impact on our overall ecosystem or that you can take as a capital allocator yourself?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=596.7s	596.7	 Well, Jason, I think Masa did something you could never do, which is admit a mistake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=602.6s	602.6	 Oh, here we go. Wow, personal quick. Well, when I have my first mistake, I'm certainly willing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=610.1s	610.1	 to admit it. I'm waiting. Imagine that you ran a hundred billion for sovereigns instead of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=614.3s	614.3	 hundred thousand for doctors and dentists and you can kind of put yourself in Masa's position.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=622.9s	622.9	 Oh, I love Sax in the morning. Sax in the morning is like a cup of coffee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=625.9s	625.9	 Don't wake Sax up early. That's a big lesson here. You make Sax go to a 9 a.m. He's coming in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=631.3s	631.3	 A bear has been hibernating and you poke him. Jesus. Wow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=634.6s	634.6	 You know, look, I think that Softbank obviously made some decisions that were,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=638.9s	638.9	 you know, they were sort of peak decisions. They were a little bit bubbly. They didn't take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=643.6s	643.6	 chips off the table when they probably should have. It's easy to fall into these bubbles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=647.6s	647.6	 because the psychology of it is so powerful. And as, you know, Bill Gurley's pointed out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=652.5s	652.5	 these bull markets are more like a sawtooth, which is they gradually go up for 9, 10, 11, 12 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=658.8s	658.8	 And then when they end, they just, you know, it's like an elevator going down. So, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=663.1s	663.1	 if the market had continued for another couple of years, Masa probably would have made a lot of money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=669.0s	669.0	 But in any event, look, he took responsibility for the losses. This was a very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=674.5s	674.5	 you sort of culturally Japanese speech. I mean, he didn't commit seppuku at the end, but it was kind of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=681.2s	681.2	 Yeah, it was heading that direction. They might have had to move the camera off. Oh my God,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=685.4s	685.4	 what is he doing with that sword? It was the verbal equivalent, basically. And look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=690.2s	690.2	 he took responsibility. What else can you do? Now, one thing I would quibble about is the idea that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=696.3s	696.3	 Softbank caused this bubble. You know, it wasn't just Softbank. We had tons of money. Tiger had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=703.3s	703.3	 huge funds they were deploying very quickly. But there was a lot of so-called tourist money,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=707.8s	707.8	 basically money from crossover funds. Investors who are not primarily VCs came into the ecosystem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=713.2s	713.2	 over the last few years. And a lot of that was driven by sovereigns and by liquidity. So, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=718.7s	718.7	 know, you can't forget that we had $10 trillion of liquidity pumped into the system over the last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=724.7s	724.7	 couple of years. And many billions of that found its way into the tech ecosystem. And fundamentally,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=730.6s	730.6	 you know, VC is not that scalable. There was an attempt to make it scalable. There's an attempt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=735.7s	735.7	 to push more money into VC. Why isn't it scalable? Why isn't it scalable? Because people have tried,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=742.1s	742.1	 right? This is not the first time. It's a craft business. I mean, that's why we. It is scalable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=747.4s	747.4	 It's just that if you try to scale it, your returns will go to zero. Yeah, that's kind of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=752.7s	752.7	 the same thing, right? Like I want to just critique the strategy for a second because,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=757.5s	757.5	 you know, we're talking about as if market conditions caused these massive write downs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=761.8s	761.8	 and that is the only reason that these funds have suffered. But, you know, if you read a lot of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=768.2s	768.2	 stories of Massa's investments in a number of these companies and the full list is available
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=773.4s	773.4	 and how much he invested, there are many, many stories and I've heard many of them personally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=777.4s	777.4	 from CEOs that have met with Massa and raised money from him. You go into Massa, you tell some,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=782.3s	782.3	 the bigger the story you tell, the more excited he gets, the more of the world you can capture.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=786.5s	786.5	 And you go in and you're raising a hundred million dollars. He's like, I'll invest 400 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=790.0s	790.0	 You say you're raising 25 million. He's like, I want to give you 150 million.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=793.7s	793.7	 And his motivation was always give you more capital so you can go capture the market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=800.2s	800.2	 And the problem in that model is that by giving you so much money, capital becomes your primary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=806.4s	806.4	 asset as a business and capital needs to be the fuel that enables your assets as a business to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=812.4s	812.4	 accelerate. But as soon as capital itself becomes your primary asset, the business is doomed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=817.6s	817.6	 fail. And that's a really key point. Let's say, and let me be very specific about what I mean.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=823.0s	823.0	 Let's say you have a direct-to-consumer business that requires online marketing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=827.7s	827.7	 and your business grows well, you spend a hundred dollars to acquire a customer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=831.8s	831.8	 Suddenly someone says, here's a billion dollars to spend on acquiring customers. As soon as you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=835.4s	835.4	 to start deploying a billion dollars, your cost of acquisition goes up, the number of customers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=839.7s	839.7	 per dollar spent goes down, and the business itself starts to look upside down and fail.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=844.2s	844.2	 And that's what happened with a number of these businesses that Masa put in and he put oversize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=848.2s	848.2	 checks in. WeWork is a really well-documented example in terms of what happened. When they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=852.6s	852.6	 started to accelerate their growth beyond the natural course of the business because of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=856.8s	856.8	 amount of capital that they took, it really started to hurt the fundamental profitability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=860.4s	860.4	 in unit economics of the core assets of the business. And this strategy theoretically can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=867.0s	867.0	 work to a degree, but Masa took it to a level that had not been seen before. I think I highlighted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=871.8s	871.8	 for you guys back in 2011, I think, when Andreessen Horowitz, they pitched me on this idea. I was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=877.9s	877.9	 trying to raise $25 million in my company. Mark was like, we'll give you $40 million so you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=882.3s	882.3	 accelerate your growth. And he's like, we want you to go capture the market. And Peter Thiel always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=885.7s	885.7	 used these terms, go capture the market. And these- And blitzscaling. And blitzscaling. Yeah. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=890.7s	890.7	 Reid Hoffman with blitzscaling. And the motivation is, look, we'll give you more money because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=896.0s	896.0	 core asset of the business works, the core assets of the business work, so the money should be more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=900.2s	900.2	 fuel for the fire. The problem is if you overindulge, if you put too much money in and the asset cannot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=906.2s	906.2	 handle that much capital, the whole thing collapses. And there's so many documented examples of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=911.4s	911.4	 in his portfolio. And I think that the strategy is worth highlighting that there are some issues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=916.2s	916.2	 with that strategy across all these business categories. It doesn't always work. The core
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=920.2s	920.2	 issue here, I think, is, and then I'll go to you, Saxon, then Jamal. The core issue here that you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=924.6s	924.6	 describing is exactly correct. And it really is up to the founder to decide what they're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=928.0s	928.0	 do with that capital. The WeWork example is so instructive because they were buying under market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=933.4s	933.4	 buildings in the tenderloin and then marking them up to, you know, Class A office space and getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=938.9s	938.9	 those prices. Once they got the masa money, he started buying Class A and offering it at Class B
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=944.1s	944.1	 prices and flipped the whole business upside down. The rate at which you can deploy capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=948.0s	948.0	 does not flex, right? And so in all businesses, understanding the rate at which you can deploy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=952.6s	952.6	 capital to grow is critical to understand how much capital you can raise. And then if you raise too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=958.6s	958.6	 much money and you flex beyond what the natural condition of the business is in terms of capital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=963.0s	963.0	 deployment, the economics fall apart and the business itself looks terrible. And eventually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=967.2s	967.2	 you will have a write down. And the distraction on the founder is the key. I mean, look at what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=971.2s	971.2	 Adam Newman, he was easily distracted. He started buying surf machines and companies and starting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=975.8s	975.8	 kindergarten. Because you can't naturally deploy that much capital. So you find unnatural ways to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=979.4s	979.4	 deploy. Let me build on that point. I think there was a belief on the part of SoftBank that they did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=983.1s	983.1	 publicly espouse, which is that they could be the kingmaker. Totally. And in fact, you know, we had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=987.8s	987.8	 some startups that were in competitive markets and SoftBank would basically announce that we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=992.3s	992.3	 going to be anointing, we're going to be picking a winner, anointing a winner and writing them a huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=996.6s	996.6	 check. And everyone kind of had to play along because if your competitor got that hundred or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1000.6s	1000.6	 $500 million check, then you would be presumably way behind. So there was this belief that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1006.9s	1006.9	 could be a kingmaker and make the difference. And I think that what we saw is that for whatever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1011.4s	1011.4	 reason, partly because of the dynamics that Freebird is talking about, that that strategy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1015.7s	1015.7	 just didn't really work that well. And what it really goes down to is that VCs can be helpful,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1021.4s	1021.4	 but they don't ultimately cause the winning companies to be the winner. So this idea that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1028.2s	1028.2	 you could be a kingmaker, I think was a little bit flawed. And I think one way that Tiger actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1033.4s	1033.4	 improved on this model was that they never tried to be a kingmaker. They just, they actually went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1038.7s	1038.7	 the other direction, which is we're going to own less your company. They tried to be passive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1042.8s	1042.8	 non-dilutive capital and they would do high price rounds, but with reasonably sized checks, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1049.8s	1049.8	 they didn't try to go for 25, 30% ownership at a late stage. And founders did like that model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1055.4s	1055.4	 better. Now, as it turned out, they both had the market timing wrong, but I think this kingmaker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1060.1s	1060.1	 aspect was a problem. And one other aspect of that, I think, is that, and I don't want to beat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1067.6s	1067.6	 up on Softbank too much. I'll see something nice about them in a second, but I think one of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1071.6s	1071.6	 mistakes they made is you'd see them writing multi-hundred million dollar checks into companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1077.0s	1077.0	 that were at a very, very early stage. Pre-product market fit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1080.4s	1080.4	 Pre-product market fit. Companies, frankly, that we thought were like seed investments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1083.8s	1083.8	 Brandless was the perfect example. It was a company that made soaps and dishwashers and cereal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1089.0s	1089.0	 but they had no brand on it. It was like Uniqlo of this. And they gave them, I think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1093.2s	1093.2	 $200 million. And I was like, this is a seed stage company. Makes no sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1095.9s	1095.9	 Right. Right. I mean, look, they wrote like $500 million seed checks into robotics companies,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1100.7s	1100.7	 effectively. And it's because that the Softbank had a thesis. And I think sometimes, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1107.6s	1107.6	 this goes back to Kingmaker. If you're a VC and you think you're the one with the thesis and you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1113.4s	1113.4	 the one who's going to make the difference, it's actually a seductive fallacy to fall into. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1118.4s	1118.4	 the founder who has the thesis. And you can only do so much to help and you can't really force it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1124.2s	1124.2	 And so I think they ended up cutting some really big checks into some companies that were really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1129.8s	1129.8	 risky. And the way that we do growth investing is that it's milestone based. We're writing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1136.7s	1136.7	 the size of the check is proportional to the amount of proof that the company has.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1141.4s	1141.4	 And look, the nice thing I'll say about Softbank is recently, we've actually done some SaaS deals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1145.6s	1145.6	 with them that I think are some really good deals. And they've written checks that I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1149.7s	1149.7	 are appropriate to the size of the company and the amount of proof they have. And they've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1153.8s	1153.8	 really easy to work with. And I look forward to doing more deals with them. But I think it would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1158.2s	1158.2	 behoove them to do more deals like that, where again, check size is related to proof.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1162.6s	1162.6	 I think that Softbank in hindsight made one critical, critical error and only one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1170.2s	1170.2	 And everything else was sort of a fait accompli with that one error, which is that in their fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1175.8s	1175.8	 documents, they made this a 10-year fund. Now, let me explain, why is that an error?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1181.9s	1181.9	 That is the status quo for all these funds. And the more nuanced part of that decision to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1188.5s	1188.5	 it a 10-year fund is that your investment period is only five years. So you're only allowed to put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1194.0s	1194.0	 the money in for the first five. And then you have to basically manage the portfolio because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1198.9s	1198.9	 there's an expectation that you're raising new funds. So if all of a sudden you have $100 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1204.2s	1204.2	 in a five-year investing life, the math says, oh my gosh, okay, well, I need to put $20 billion out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1209.5s	1209.5	 per year. And then you try to look for, I don't know, let's say 50 companies a year, while the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1214.6s	1214.6	 mean check size now all of a sudden balloons to $400 million. That was the error. You see afterwards,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1222.6s	1222.6	 the very, very smart private equity folks who saw that that was the error fixed it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1229.4s	1229.4	 So Blackstone, Silver Lake, when they came on the heels of SoftBank, what they did was they raised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1234.9s	1234.9	 funds with a 15- and 20-year life. And what that allows them to do and what it would have allowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1241.4s	1241.4	 MASA to do in this situation was just slow it way, way down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1246.1s	1246.1	 Pace yourself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1246.8s	1246.8	 And do fewer deals with much more capital and then be patient and say, I'm going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1252.3s	1252.3	 a 10-year investing life. And I think that that would have saved them. And they would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1256.8s	1256.8	 have looked incredible right now because they would be the kingmaker in a moment where there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1260.5s	1260.5	 is no money flowing into venture and early stage tech. So in my opinion, I think it was just that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1265.8s	1265.8	 it was such an ambitious feat that when it came time to execute, whoever was really in charge of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1270.7s	1270.7	 those details kind of fucked it up. And they should have realized the math didn't work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1276.6s	1276.6	 for a five-year fund life. And they should have made it a 10-year fund life or 10-year investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1281.4s	1281.4	 life, which would have put a 20-year fund life on the thing. And I think they would have been fun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1285.0s	1285.0	 Yeah. I mean, if you look at it as 60 months, maybe you take out August and like the holidays,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1288.9s	1288.9	 you got basically 50 months to deploy 100 billion. It's 2 billion a month,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1292.9s	1292.9	 500 billion a week. I mean, how do you even process that many deals? It's impossible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1297.2s	1297.2	 The quality of the diligence by necessity has to go to zero.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1301.8s	1301.8	 Yeah. It was a crazy strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1304.4s	1304.4	 If you can breathe, you get money. If you can get a meeting, you get the money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1308.4s	1308.4	 Basically, I mean, and if they had just, I'll say there was one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1313.1s	1313.1	 Sorry, Jason, I'll let you. Go ahead.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1315.4s	1315.4	 No, and it forces you to have a team that is so broad and large and diffuse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1321.3s	1321.3	 That is not this game. This is another thing I would love for us to talk about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1325.0s	1325.0	 Correct. Correct.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1326.2s	1326.2	 Investing has never, will never, and is not ever a team sport.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1334.1s	1334.1	 Okay. It is like basketball. You can be on a team, but you are Steph Curry or you're not Steph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1340.6s	1340.6	 Curry. You are Draymond Green or you're not Draymond Green. You are LeBron James or you're not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1345.9s	1345.9	 There are J.R. Smiths on a team. There are Tristan Thompson's on a team.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1349.6s	1349.6	 And you come together and the team can win a championship, but there are these exceptional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1355.7s	1355.7	 individuals. And the firms that have really done well consistently over decades embrace that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1362.7s	1362.7	 philosophy. Benchmark, Sequoia, these guys don't try to create this team-oriented, glad-handing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1369.9s	1369.9	 approach, but they also don't allow the teams to get so diffused that there are 500 people running
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1374.3s	1374.3	 around ripping money in. Because you basically then return the beta of the market. And if the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1378.8s	1378.8	 market doesn't look good in that vintage, then all of your returns look pretty crappy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1383.5s	1383.5	 The lesson for me on all of this is, I think, we talk about riding your winners on the show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1387.6s	1387.6	 That came from, just so people understand, when we said ride your winners, and it's famously in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1392.1s	1392.1	 opening song here, what we were talking about was, like, don't sell your entire position,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1396.7s	1396.7	 like when Sequoia sold their entire Apple position or other people have done. But pairing your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1401.1s	1401.1	 position would have changed this whole story. If he had paired 10, 20% of some of these names that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1405.4s	1405.4	 were breaking out. I disagree with that too. Along the way. Oh, why? Go ahead. Because I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1409.4s	1409.4	 the dumbest idea in the world. I think the opposite. He would have had it up. A year ago, Sequoia just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1414.3s	1414.3	 put out an entire document and a roadmap for becoming an Evergreen Fund. And I read that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1421.6s	1421.6	 and what I thought to myself is, all of this looks incredible unless the market goes down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1426.2s	1426.2	 And then the market went down. And then the market went way, way down. Why? Because their whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1430.2s	1430.2	 thesis is we're going to park and hold money. Well, okay. But they also allowed a revolving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1435.7s	1435.7	 liquidity mechanism for their LPs. Every year. You know, you're a cancer foundation and you want to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1440.3s	1440.3	 fund cancer research and you expect Sequoia to give you back money. You fill out a form and Sequoia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1445.8s	1445.8	 basically fronts you the money. Well, excuse me, but you can see how all of a sudden this can very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1451.4s	1451.4	 quickly get out of control because then where does Sequoia get that money? They'll have to borrow it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1455.1s	1455.1	 Or liquidate some positions. But the whole point is to not liquidate positions. This is what they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1459.2s	1459.2	 said. Yeah. So my point is I really think, and David said this before, I think a VC's job is to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1464.6s	1464.6	 be a VC. It's hard enough to do that job well. And if you think that you're going to cascade across
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1469.8s	1469.8	 all asset classes and do better than the market, it's an extremely high bar that creates tremendous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1475.9s	1475.9	 pressure and forces you to bring things on like debt, and all of these leverage lines, which when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1483.1s	1483.1	 markets go up will work in your favor, but can very quickly turn against you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1487.2s	1487.2	 Yeah, I disagree completely. Because when if you look at when you're in a private company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1490.7s	1490.7	 and you're you own some private shares, you know the revenue, you know the velocity, you know the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1494.8s	1494.8	 management team, you have more insights than everybody, you got a massive information edge,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1497.9s	1497.9	 because it's all based on insider information before it's public. And pairing your positions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1501.7s	1501.7	 in privates can be amazing, because you have some overvalued company, because someone like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1507.4s	1507.4	 Masa or Tiger comes along that overvalues it. So for venture funds, I think when you start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1511.2s	1511.2	 hitting these 50, 100 X's, pairing 10%, pairing 20% along the way, which Masa could have done in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1516.9s	1516.9	 these private names, especially would have been brilliant. You're saying don't distribute and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1520.8s	1520.8	 just hold on and use debt and give people give your LPs and want liquidity. No, no, no, I'm saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1527.0s	1527.0	 if you have the opportunity to sell in secondary, you should pair your position in your winners,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1532.3s	1532.3	 10 or 20% two or three times. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm saying if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1535.9s	1535.9	 Softbank did that, this would be a different position. But like you're using Soft, you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1539.7s	1539.7	 using Apple and Sequoia as an example, you do remember the trajectory of Apple basically went
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1545.0s	1545.0	 to a $4 billion market cap for years languishing. I mean, the idea that Sequoia would have held
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1551.2s	1551.2	 those shares because they had some proprietary views ludicrous. Why is it ludicrous? What if they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1556.5s	1556.5	 just had a company was on death's doorstep, you can see the YouTube videos when Steve Jobs came
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1562.2s	1562.2	 back, he said, we may not make it. Yes, but Chamath, that in that is part of the opportunity. But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1568.7s	1568.7	 putting that aside, that's exactly what Sequoia is doing is they're saying we want to hold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1572.8s	1572.8	 the legendary companies, the legendary brands with the great founders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1575.7s	1575.7	 For easy in hindsight, how do you do it today? Well, is unity is unity a legendary company?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1582.8s	1582.8	 Or should you have distributed it $165 a share? Well, I'm saying you can mitigate that question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1590.5s	1590.5	 by pairing your position 10 20%. So you have the best of both worlds. So X, what do you think?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1594.6s	1594.6	 Well, I think it's it's hard to pare down a position while the company is still private,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1598.6s	1598.6	 because the companies don't don't want you to buy in large. But but once they do become public,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1605.8s	1605.8	 then the question is when you distribute and we talked about this, I think it sounds like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1610.1s	1610.1	 soft bank was sitting on quite a few large public positions and could have distributed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1615.0s	1615.0	 I'm not fully familiar with their structure. But given that they had all this debt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1618.6s	1618.6	 seems like you'd want to pay off all the debt as soon as you could.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1623.5s	1623.5	 And missing the chance to do that. They had a preferred coupon, they had to pay PIF and,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1629.3s	1629.3	 and ADIAA every year, I think it's like three or $4 billion. It's well, it's documented, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1633.9s	1633.9	 that's the 6% that they that they were owed on their $50 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1637.1s	1637.1	 But did they pay it off?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1639.7s	1639.7	 Well, they have to pay it every year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1641.8s	1641.8	 Yeah, okay, so they did. I mean, look, I would just say these bubble, it's easy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1645.7s	1645.7	 you know, hindsight's 2020. It's really easy to point out these mistakes after the market's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1650.3s	1650.3	 cratered. You know, my experience with these bubbles, whether you go back to 1999 or 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1656.7s	1656.7	 is when you're in them, they're very powerful psychologically, you know, everyone's talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1661.0s	1661.0	 about how everything's going up. And we, I think actually had some really good commentary on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1665.1s	1665.1	 show about back in November about how it could be the peak, how it could be all liquidity fueled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1671.2s	1671.2	 We didn't know for sure, but there were some pretty good predictions on the spot. But by and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1675.0s	1675.0	 large, it's, it's pretty hard to know whether you're, you know, whether-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1679.3s	1679.3	 Is there a grounding metric that you use? I'll open up to Freberg and then everybody else,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1685.0s	1685.0	 to know that the market is overheated. Freberg, is there something you look at and go, okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1690.2s	1690.2	 we've disconnected from reality, price to earnings, price to sales.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1692.9s	1692.9	 Some valuation metrics are the things you look for. So you know that this is overheated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1697.4s	1697.4	 and maybe it is time to pair positions. What would have you learned over now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1701.4s	1701.4	 our third collective down market? Valuation trophy hunting, I would say is a pretty good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1708.8s	1708.8	 indicator of things being, things being- Explain what that is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1714.0s	1714.0	 In a heated market, like if the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1716.2s	1716.2	 In a heated market, like if the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1721.8s	1721.8	 the businesses, the CEO, the founder, the venture firms, everyone is all about how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1728.5s	1728.5	 much you can mark up your investment, as opposed to talking about the quality of the business and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1733.0s	1733.0	 the quality of the earnings. And then you revert back, as we just recently did, to now people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1738.6s	1738.6	 talking about, okay, how strong are the gross margins of this business? How effectively can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1744.2s	1744.2	 they deploy capital? What's the return on invested capital? Key metrics around the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1749.4s	1749.4	 fundamentals of the business versus the value that the market is willing to pay for the business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1754.8s	1754.8	 And the more heated the market gets, the more everyone focuses on terms like unicorn,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1760.3s	1760.3	 dekakorn, you know, and that becomes the key metric, as opposed to saying this business is so good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1766.4s	1766.4	 for every dollar they spend, they make $3 in gross profit in 12 months. That's what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1773.0s	1773.0	 fundamentally says that's a high quality, you know, valuable business over time, as opposed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1779.5s	1779.5	 here's what the market is telling me it's worth today. And if the market is telling you it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1784.0s	1784.0	 worth that much today, and that's what you focus on, you inevitably end up in these kind of bubbly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1790.1s	1790.1	 moments where you miss out on focusing on core value creation, which will actually pay off much,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1796.0s	1796.0	 much more over time. Jamath, you pointed out another signal. Hey, when smart people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1802.4s	1802.4	 who have the largest amount of capital in the markets are clearing positions,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1806.7s	1806.7	 maybe that's a signal of a top. And then I think is a really good insight by Freiburg,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1811.3s	1811.3	 when the conversation the narrative is about the valuation and the status and vanity metrics as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1815.9s	1815.9	 opposed to the quality of the earnings. Hey, that's a really good indicator. We're in a bubble,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1819.0s	1819.0	 maybe you should start clearing positions. What are indications for you that we're either in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1822.6s	1822.6	 bubble, or the market is undervalued? Because we're really talking about this timing, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1827.8s	1827.8	 Timing is very important. It's not possible. This is why I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1833.1s	1833.1	 you have to define what game you want to play before you start playing the game.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1837.4s	1837.4	 Okay. This is why I think it's kind of nonsensical. For example, I believe that at best,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1848.6s	1848.6	 I am an equity investor in technology companies, or things that have a technology bias, because I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1856.1s	1856.1	 can generally understand them maybe a few seconds faster than everybody else, which allows me to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1863.3s	1863.3	 make a decision a little bit quicker. But if all of a sudden I started investing in debt,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1869.0s	1869.0	 you should expect that I'll lose my money, because I don't know what I'm doing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1873.0s	1873.0	 And that's not the game where I had any advantage. So I think the most important thing to do is to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1879.0s	1879.0	 not try to do all of this crazy stuff, because this is what happens in moments where either things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1885.6s	1885.6	 are very, very good, or things are very, very bad. People try to create all these stupid rules.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1890.6s	1890.6	 And the rule, the only rule is there are no rules. So I don't know, I just think it's like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1896.1s	1896.1	 stick to your knitting. If you're a product builder, build products. If you're an early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1900.4s	1900.4	 stage investor, just do that. It's hard enough to do any one of those things really, really, really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1906.4s	1906.4	 well. But this idea that you're going to come up with some mosaic in a system, I think it's just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1912.5s	1912.5	 highly suspect. And I think the market returns have showed that everybody that tries has failed,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1917.7s	1917.7	 except for maybe one or two. So it's just not going to work. What's the point? So I don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1922.1s	1922.1	 if you're an early stage investor, make good deals and then give the shares and book the win.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1926.6s	1926.6	 That's what I do. Yeah, that's my philosophy. Saks, what are your thoughts?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1930.1s	1930.1	 There's a couple of metrics that I'll be looking at from now on that I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1933.7s	1933.7	 wasn't paying a huge amount of attention to before. One is the price to ARR of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1940.2s	1940.2	 median public SaaS company. And so like Brad Gerstner has these great charts where you saw that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1947.8s	1947.8	 historically that number was around six. The median SaaS company was trading at about six
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1952.8s	1952.8	 times their next 12 months revenue. And it went all the way to 15 during this COVID bubble in 2021.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1960.2s	1960.2	 And for the high growth SaaS companies, which are the ones growing 40% and set at 20%,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1964.4s	1964.4	 it went from like eight to 35. So I'll definitely be looking at that. And what you're looking for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1971.9s	1971.9	 is just how off the historical mean are we, positively or negatively, because these public
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1976.8s	1976.8	 valuations are the exit comps for the private markets. And those valuations do eventually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1983.0s	1983.0	 trickle down. And so if there is a bubble in the public markets, it will trickle down to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1987.0s	1987.0	 private markets. So that would be like one metric. I mean, again, it's not something that affects me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1991.8s	1991.8	 daily, but it's something I'd want to periodically keep tabs on. The other is just interest rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=1996.6s	1996.6	 policy. I mean, I've never spent so much time in my entire career, like looking at inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2002.5s	2002.5	 and interest rates that I have this year, because who knew how much this stuff was affecting us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2008.0s	2008.0	 I thought I was a micro investor. I thought I was just picking companies on a micro level. As it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2013.7s	2013.7	 turns out, we were all massively impacted by macroeconomic policy. And it got so we didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2021.0s	2021.0	 even notice it. The zero interest rate policy, the ZERP, along with the quantitative easing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2025.8s	2025.8	 these are supposed to be exceptional measures that started back in 2008. But we stopped noticing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2031.5s	2031.5	 them. They continued for years and years and years. They continued until last year. And again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2037.2s	2037.2	 we just stopped noticing because we got used to it. We kind of got hooked on drugs. So the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2042.5s	2042.5	 did. So I'm just going to have to pay a little bit more attention to what the Fed is doing now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2048.7s	2048.7	 And if you go all the way back to the dot com bubble, what's interesting is that the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2053.0s	2053.0	 funds rate back in 1999 wasn't low. It was like 4%. It wasn't like it was even today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2060.9s	2060.9	 And we still had a bubble. But what popped the bubble was that interest rates went from 4% to 6%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2067.0s	2067.0	 from 1999 to 2000. That's what popped the bubble. So I don't know if we'll ever have a situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2074.4s	2074.4	 again like we had over the last years with the ZERP. But I mean, that probably looking for that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2079.7s	2079.7	 next time is fighting the last battle instead of the next one. But you do probably have to be a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2084.9s	2084.9	 little bit more aware of monetary policy and what the Fed is doing. Yeah, this chart, exhibit six
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2090.8s	2090.8	 from the Vision Fund benchmarking against peer funds that Chamath just put into the group chat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2095.1s	2095.1	 is absolutely spectacular. It puts Sequoia Insight and Softbank, you know, large, large funds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2102.0s	2102.0	 against each other. Fund size 100 billion for Softbank, 8 billion for Sequoia, 6.3 billion for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2106.8s	2106.8	 Insight. And to Chamath's point earlier, the pace is really crazy. 130 deals per month,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2114.7s	2114.7	 but then the average check size is 620 million versus 130 and 70.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2122.1s	2122.1	 And the deals per month 3.5 versus 0.6 versus 4.2. So Insight going pretty fast with small checks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2127.6s	2127.6	 I think the Sequoia data here is really, you know, Sequoia has the benefit of being able to backtest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2133.8s	2133.8	 against 40 years of returns. And so if essentially what they're saying is there's really no more than
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2139.1s	2139.1	 five or six companies a year that are worth investing in, that's a really big signal that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2143.1s	2143.1	 worth thinking about. And so, you know, five or six companies, maybe they can absorb even $600
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2149.1s	2149.1	 million each, you know, it still puts you at three and a half, $4 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2153.0s	2153.0	 Doesn't put you at 20, which is what you need to put 100 into the ground.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2155.0s	2155.0	 And two billion a month. I mean, my Lord, it's like Brewster's millions or something. It's like some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2159.7s	2159.7	 crazy premise. I think in fairness to Softbank again, you know, these are the same guys that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2165.6s	2165.6	 invested in Yahoo. They invested in all of these, you know, dot com companies and brought them into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2170.7s	2170.7	 Japan, including great businesses like Cisco. You know, these guys have been big time investors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2176.8s	2176.8	 They've invested in the world of softbank, and they've invested in the world of softbank, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2181.6s	2181.6	 have been big time serial winners. I think the tactical mistake was not having a 10 year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2187.6s	2187.6	 investment life. I mean, and we can be sitting here next year, Alibaba could double in value,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2192.3s	2192.3	 a couple of their other positions could recover 50%. Okay, but we could be sitting there and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2197.6s	2197.6	 could be they could have closed the gap massively. Anything's possible. I think actually a good jump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2203.4s	2203.4	 off point here. Great discussion, gentlemen. Do we want to talk about the markets that we got the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2210.6s	2210.6	 inflation print? Sachs, I guess, depending on what political party you're in, it's either 8.5% or 0,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2217.4s	2217.4	 0% month over month. If you're a Democrat, if you're a Republican, it's 8.5% in our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2223.4s	2223.4	 polarized times. But what does this tell us, Sachs, just at least about maybe inflation is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2230.8s	2230.8	 tipped over, and we're going to be flat for a little bit that obviously caused the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2233.8s	2233.8	 to rip a little bit. And we had this incredible jobs report. We're now at 3.5% unemployment,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2240.6s	2240.6	 and we had twice as many jobs as we predicted. I mean, it's pretty extraordinary what happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2246.4s	2246.4	 in the last 30 days to these prints. Yeah, look, I think that overall,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2251.7s	2251.7	 the economic data is mixed, but we got a couple of good data points in the last month. So inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2258.2s	2258.2	 did decrease from 9.1 to 8.5%. Inflation was until now measured on a year over year basis,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2267.7s	2267.7	 not a month over month basis. But since we got the first good month over month reading,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2271.6s	2271.6	 all of a sudden now, it's been redefined to be on a month over month basis. Just this is the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2275.9s	2275.9	 thing that happened with the definition of recession, where recession used to mean two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2281.0s	2281.0	 quarters of negative GDP growth. Of course, that happened. And so all of a sudden, the definition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2287.2s	2287.2	 became unknowable. We have to defer to this economic board that won't render a decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2292.6s	2292.6	 until next year. By the way, if that were true, how can we ever contemporaneously talk about a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2297.5s	2297.5	 recession? If you had to wait until this economics board declares recession a year from now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2303.0s	2303.0	 the press could never have ever reported on a recession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2305.1s	2305.1	 I for one am shocked. Yeah, I'm shocked politicians are spinning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2307.8s	2307.8	 So look, the politics of this are obvious, which is to keep redefining terms rather than admit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2312.6s	2312.6	 that there's any bad data at all. That's mixed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2315.1s	2315.1	 Now look, I don't think the data is catastrophic. I don't think it's in anyone's interest to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2321.3s	2321.3	 catastrophize the data, but there's a lot of negative data out here. I mean, look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2325.3s	2325.3	 inflation is still very high, eight and a half percent. If you had told any of us that in August,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2331.0s	2331.0	 that inflation would still be half eight and a half percent at the beginning of this year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2334.1s	2334.1	 we would have said that is horrible because remember, the investment banks were all saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2337.7s	2337.7	 it's going to come down to three percent by the end of the year. So inflation is still high.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2343.0s	2343.0	 The jobs picture is good. We're technically in a recession. If I were to predict, I think what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2348.7s	2348.7	 going to happen now, I think, you know, look for a double dip. I wouldn't be surprised at all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2352.8s	2352.8	 If in Q3 or Q4, we're back to positive GDP growth, but I don't think we're necessarily out of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2358.5s	2358.5	 woods because I think there's a pretty good chance that next year these and these rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2364.7s	2364.7	 hikes really kick in. It takes six to nine months for them to ripple through the economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2368.8s	2368.8	 So if you look at the construction industry, the construction industry has been devastated. New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2373.5s	2373.5	 housing starts. You talk to the builders. They tell you that the construction industry has just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2378.3s	2378.3	 been clobbered by these rate hikes. The inventories are piling up and the affordability of there's a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2384.6s	2384.6	 chart today about the affordability of home prices at a 40 year low. And so the construction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2390.3s	2390.3	 industry, it's really the bellwether when a recession starts, there are the ones who are first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2395.4s	2395.4	 impacted, but it's probably going to take six to nine months. Because the loans are so expensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2400.5s	2400.5	 and cost of capital is expensive. Right. They can't start new projects. Yeah. So look, if I,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2405.4s	2405.4	 I think we're in a shallow technical recession right now, I bet that we probably bounce out of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2410.9s	2410.9	 in Q3 or Q4, but I think there's a significant risk that we're back in. We're back in it next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2416.7s	2416.7	 year. Just my guess. Freiburg, we've been talking about consumer credit a whole bunch, buy now pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2421.3s	2421.3	 later. Household debt now totals more than 16 trillion. Credit card balances make up 890 billion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2427.8s	2427.8	 of that. Obviously student loans, mortgages, other things are in there. And the number of credit cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2433.8s	2433.8	 is now at a massive high 550 million of them issued here in the United States. We had a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2441.1s	2441.1	 massive amount of debt. It's still lower. The credit card debt, just to be clear, is still lower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2445.8s	2445.8	 than the pre pandemic level of 930 billion, but consumers seem to be taking out credit, I guess,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2453.8s	2453.8	 to deal with inflation or to enjoy their lives because they're not stopping their spending.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2458.4s	2458.4	 And we see that in some of the stocks and the earnings reports that are coming out as well. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2462.8s	2462.8	 what's your take on this conflicting data we have or have you made some sense of it and what is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2468.4s	2468.4	 your prediction of Q4? Sorry, are you asking what my take is on the consumer credit? Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2473.4s	2473.4	 basically the overall macro situation here, we've got consumer credit, people taking on a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2478.6s	2478.6	 debt while jobs look great, while inflation is still high. What does that look like as we go into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2485.0s	2485.0	 Q4 next year? What is this telling you? Is there some signaling you can take from this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2489.8s	2489.8	 Sac said shallow recession thinks we might double dip. I'm kind of getting to your prediction of Q4.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2494.5s	2494.5	 I mean, this is a little repetitive. I mean, I've said this, I first said it in May at the All In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2499.0s	2499.0	 Summit, and I said it again on the show twice, which is I think that the definition of a recession
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2505.1s	2505.1	 of negative GDP growth when you're coming off of inflated GDP is, you know, it's not a binary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2512.9s	2512.9	 catch-all term. I mean, the fact is we had inflated assets and as a result of inflated assets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2519.1s	2519.1	 we had inflated earnings and we had inflated valuation and we inflated income and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2523.8s	2523.8	 now the capital is coming out and things are going to go down inevitably. But I don't think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2528.8s	2528.8	 this should be deemed that there's something fundamentally negative about the US economy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2534.2s	2534.2	 The biggest risk I still see is this rising consumer credit balance, particularly in a rising rate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2539.4s	2539.4	 environment. People are taking on more debt. If you look at the New York Fed, here I'll just give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2544.3s	2544.3	 you the latest. This is the household debt and credit report. They put out household debt rises to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2550.6s	2550.6	 $16 trillion in mid-growth in housing and non-housing balances. And so there are variable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2555.0s	2555.0	 rate loans in there in the auto home and credit card markets. Those variable rates mean that as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2561.8s	2561.8	 interest rates climb, the amount to service existing debt will go up. And so the question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2568.1s	2568.1	 is, does the existing debt will go up each month? And the amount of debt that's being taken on is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2573.6s	2573.6	 also going up each month. And so the key economic question is, does the income gain that's being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2580.0s	2580.0	 experienced or the asset value gain that's being experienced outpace the increase in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2586.3s	2586.3	 monthly debt service needed for a large number of consumers? Student loans are also in here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2590.7s	2590.7	 by the way. And so when you put that all together, it's a very technical question,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2595.9s	2595.9	 where do you start to see defaults rise? And when you have defaults rise, then the money that's owed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2601.0s	2601.0	 in the service payments that are owed on that debt crickles through the economy because bonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2606.6s	2606.6	 start to default, equities start to decline, and so on. So this is why I can speak at a high level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2614.3s	2614.3	 from a macro point of view, that the rate at which debt is going up and consumer credit is going up,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2620.4s	2620.4	 and the rate at which rates are climbing that affect the revolving and variable rate debt that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2627.3s	2627.3	 consumers hold could outpace the income and the asset value gain, particularly when equities are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2633.0s	2633.0	 down, 401ks are down, housing prices are down. And so there's a tipping point. And when that starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2639.8s	2639.8	 to happen, then you start to really hit an economic crunch. And I've mentioned this multiple times now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2645.7s	2645.7	 that it's the thing I would watch most closely. While there are core elements of the current
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2651.7s	2651.7	 economy that look strong, there are real concerns around whether consumers can keep up with their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2658.2s	2658.2	 debt payments in the months and quarters ahead. Yeah. Trimatha, are you following this consumer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2663.3s	2663.3	 credit surge? And do you think that this could be a block swan type event? This could be a major
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2670.0s	2670.0	 hit because it's right here in front of us. So, you know, okay. Yeah, yeah. I would say like a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2674.6s	2674.6	 massive contagion where there's massive number of defaults creating a black swan contagion like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2679.1s	2679.1	 event. But yes, so it's, it's not it's maybe hidden in plain sight. What do you think,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2682.6s	2682.6	 Trimatha? Is this important data or impacting your view on things? Yeah, I think it's important. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2687.4s	2687.4	 part of a mosaic. And I don't I don't really know. Look, what are we trying to get from this discussion?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2695.7s	2695.7	 I don't understand. Like, like, are we trying to predict what's going to happen? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2702.2s	2702.2	 I think David basically said it best, like, if you actually just take a step back and stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2707.9s	2707.9	 overlaying what we want to happen. Look, the reality is all four of us want things to go up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2714.2s	2714.2	 And we like it when there's money in the system and everything's flush.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2719.0s	2719.0	 But if we had said last year that we would open an envelope, and, you know, we would show these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2723.1s	2723.1	 inflation prints, we would be shocked, and we would have been scared. And quite honestly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2727.8s	2727.8	 you know, in the process in November, when I started selling, I would have sold even more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2733.4s	2733.4	 violently than I sold. And all I can say is I saved my ass in November of last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2739.0s	2739.0	 looking at what's happened in the last six, eight months. So I don't know, I just think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2745.2s	2745.2	 if you look at the CPI print, and you look at the components, we were saved, because energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2752.7s	2752.7	 basically fell off a cliff. And for whatever reason, a bunch of people decided not to travel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2758.6s	2758.6	 And, you know, we didn't import as much oil, and we were able to keep costs contained.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2763.4s	2763.4	 And that kept CPI from being really out of control. But again, we're in the summer where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2769.9s	2769.9	 we don't have the pressure on energy that we're going to have in October, November this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2775.0s	2775.0	 So I really don't know. I mean, I just think that there is like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2778.7s	2778.7	 Freeberg has his pet issue, I have my pet issue, Sachs has his pet issue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2783.2s	2783.2	 You ask 100 economists, they'll have their own pet issue, housing affordability, whatever it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2788.2s	2788.2	 The point is, we have 100 whack-a-mole problems. And the question is, which mousetrap sets off the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2796.0s	2796.0	 rest of the mousetraps? I have no idea. And so, you know, I just think that right now, things are a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2804.4s	2804.4	 little bit too calm. And that makes me feel very unsettled.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2808.9s	2808.9	 Another shoe might drop. I mean, the point of the conversation is to try to understand and make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2812.6s	2812.6	 better decisions in capital allocation, company formation, and placing bets in the next year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2817.2s	2817.2	 So I think that's the point of the discussion. We now have the spectacle of the president saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2824.1s	2824.1	 he's going to pass an inflation reduction act to solve a 0% inflation problem to get us out of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2832.2s	2832.2	 recession that he says doesn't exist. You guys know this, but the politics and the political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2836.8s	2836.8	 commentary on this are absurd. I think what we're describing here is simply more honest,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2842.5s	2842.5	 which is to say that the data is mixed, and we don't exactly know what's going to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2845.8s	2845.8	 Yeah. I mean, the thing that I think is encouraging is when you look at this jobs data,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2851.8s	2851.8	 and you look at the debt that consumers are putting on, my theory is, and I could be wrong,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2858.4s	2858.4	 that people want to keep spending, they want to keep living their lives, they're taking on a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2862.1s	2862.1	 little bit of debt to deal with inflation and to keep spending, but they're also going back to work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2865.8s	2865.8	 And I'm seeing that anecdotally, a lot more people going back to work. And the numbers show that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2869.7s	2869.7	 that feels to me, and I said this on previous episodes, that that feels like a possible,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2874.3s	2874.3	 very helpful path out here. And I think you brought it up, Sachs, as well, which is, hey,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2877.7s	2877.7	 if we have increased participation, that's great, increases monetary velocity, increases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2882.3s	2882.3	 participation in the economy. That's a possible path out. Do you feel like that's still holding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2887.6s	2887.6	 strong? Even in secular decline on that trend for 25 years. So maybe, maybe on the margins,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2893.8s	2893.8	 a few folks run out of stimulus and decide to go and get a job. But I don't think, again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2900.2s	2900.2	 it's kind of like, you know, when you're at the blackjack table in Vegas, and somebody's clapping,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2909.1s	2909.1	 I feel like all the, like what we're talking about right now is clapping as a strategy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2913.4s	2913.4	 Maybe this can happen. Maybe that can happen. You know what, maybe it'll start raining gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2917.7s	2917.7	 fucking coins that we can use and just worry about. I mean, yeah, I mean, I feel like the last 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2923.7s	2923.7	 minutes have been like, not a good conversation. I think it's totally repetitive. It's totally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2928.7s	2928.7	 repetitive. It's totally repetitive. Jake, because look, the structure of the problem, I think is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2933.5s	2933.5	 very well defined, which is we have an inflation problem. Great. It went down from 9.1, 8.5%. It's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2939.8s	2939.8	 still really high. 2 to 3% would be normal. Okay. So that's half the problem is how fast is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2946.7s	2946.7	 inflation going to go back down to normal based on interest rate cuts? The other side of the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2951.2s	2951.2	 is increases is sorry, interest rate increases, not cuts. The other side of the problem is how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2956.0s	2956.0	 much will the economy be hurt by these rising rates? And those are the two variables. And we see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2961.9s	2961.9	 that there is a slowdown. There's still a lot of jobs being filled, which is good, but there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2966.3s	2966.3	 unquestionably an economic slowdown. And those are the two sides of this equation. And we just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2971.8s	2971.8	 need to see some economic data. It's going to play out over the next several months. You've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2975.1s	2975.1	 asking the same question for three fucking weeks. If you guys don't want to talk about the new data,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2979.9s	2979.9	 that's fine. I thought you guys wanted to. None of us care. None of us care. None of us, we don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2984.8s	2984.8	 have an opinion other than we don't know. How many ways can we say we don't know? I don't want to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2988.3s	2988.3	 about inflation or recession or jobs or any of that shit anymore, unless there's something really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2992.8s	2992.8	 for us all to say, like something news come out. Well, I mean, the job was really important. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=2998.4s	2998.4	 that was a massive print. It's not that it's, it's, it's twice as many, it's on the track of what we've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3003.7s	3003.7	 already said. It's one data point. It's one data point. It's on the track. And you know what? There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3007.4s	3007.4	 were some bad jobs reports before that print. I think we should stop doing the recession inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3012.4s	3012.4	 chat every week. It honestly is like repetitive. You have a better job moderating. Can you not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3016.7s	3016.7	 dial it in? You guys, no, you guys asked to talk about it. You guys put some of these things on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3020.6s	3020.6	 the dock. I don't want to talk about it anymore. I think we should let's move on. What do you,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3023.8s	3023.8	 okay. What do you want to move on to? I think soft bank was a great chat. I think, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3027.1s	3027.1	 that was a good talk. We should do that kind of shit. We should talk about what you guys think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3030.6s	3030.6	 about the Sequoia Evergreen fund. Tell me what you guys think about that. Come on, geniuses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3034.7s	3034.7	 The Sequoia, like when they restructured, are you joking? I love, I love when these two go silent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3042.2s	3042.2	 No, I always didn't want to interrupt anybody. I don't understand what you're saying. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3045.4s	3045.4	 understand why you guys are trying so hard to avoid the obvious news of this week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3050.6s	3050.6	 Is there something else in the news this week? Sax, if Trump actually had some material in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3057.2s	3057.2	 Mar-a-Lago that was related to the nuclear program and, you know, there was an attempt to try and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3065.5s	3065.5	 get, recover those documents through normal means and they were not recoverable. What would your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3070.2s	3070.2	 course have been if you were the director of the FBI or the president of the U.S. in that condition?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3074.0s	3074.0	 Because I think that seems to be the party line of what's going on here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3077.0s	3077.0	 Well, you know- The democratic kind of spin on what's going on here. But like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3082.4s	3082.4	 honestly, in that circumstance, what do you think would have been appropriate? So there's some sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3085.9s	3085.9	 of confidential material related to our nuclear program or nuclear weapons. Something's something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3090.5s	3090.5	 there in those materials that were attempted to be recovered or were taken without approval,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3095.5s	3095.5	 and then they try to recover it. Assume there's no nefarious intent. What would be the right kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3101.3s	3101.3	 of course here? Well, so I don't know exactly what's going on. I just think that you can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3108.6s	3108.6	 necessarily give the- Sadly, I don't think you can necessarily give the FBI the benefit of the doubt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3113.1s	3113.1	 here in light of their history. But let's back up. I mean, first you had this raid on Mar-a-Lago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3117.9s	3117.9	 where you got 30 FBI agents. They're not wearing suits with holstered sidearms. They're carrying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3123.4s	3123.4	 AR-15s, you know, weapons of war, fingers just outside the trigger guard. They're wearing body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3128.6s	3128.6	 armor. It looks like a paramilitary raid on Mar-a-Lago. It's utterly unprecedented. And you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3133.5s	3133.5	 look at tweets by Andrew Cuomo, for example, or Andrew Yang. I mean, these guys actually turn out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3140.5s	3140.5	 to be pretty, I think, intellectually honest Democrats on this point saying this is unprecedented
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3146.0s	3146.0	 and it's really going to- Here, I want to read this by Andrew Yang. Why don't you answer Freeberg's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3151.2s	3151.2	 question? I'm getting there. I know you're going to cut me off, so I'd like to just read these tweets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3156.2s	3156.2	 So maybe you'll give more credence to Andrew Yang. He said, I'm no Trump fan. I want him as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3161.8s	3161.8	 far away from the White House as possible. But a fundamental part of his appeal has been that it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3165.4s	3165.4	 him against a corrupt government establishment. This raid strengthens that case for millions of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3170.2s	3170.2	 Americans who will see this as unjust persecution. You have Andrew Cuomo saying, DOJ must immediately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3175.2s	3175.2	 explain the reason for its raid. It must be more than a search for inconsequential archives or be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3179.1s	3179.1	 viewed as a political tactic and undermine any future credible investigation and legitimacy of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3184.2s	3184.2	 January 6 investigations. And let me read one other tweet by Elon that's not directly about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3190.0s	3190.0	 this, but he tweeted this on July 11th, so a month ago. And he said, I don't hate the man,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3195.3s	3195.3	 but it's time for Trump to hang up his hat and seal up the sunset. That was the part that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3199.4s	3199.4	 widely reported. But he also said, Dems should also call off the attack. Don't make it so that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3204.6s	3204.6	 Trump's the only way to survive is to regain the presidency. I think there was a lot of wisdom in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3209.7s	3209.7	 that. And I'm old enough to remember when the case for Biden getting elected is we have to move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3216.2s	3216.2	 past this partisan warfare, this extreme rancor and derangement. And we were told that the media,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3225.2s	3225.2	 all these people who had TDS, that their psychosis was due to Trump. And if we could just move past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3230.8s	3230.8	 Trump, all this sort of partisan warfare would end. And I was certainly hoping that would be true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3238.0s	3238.0	 And now, sadly, it seems like we're right back in this thing, where we're right back with the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3244.2s	3244.2	 media being obsessed with TDS, portraying this narrative that somehow he's a traitor. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3249.3s	3249.3	 does this whole thing hang on? Just these two words, nuclear documents. Well, listen, until
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3254.4s	3254.4	 they actually produce those documents, I'm going to suspend judgment. Because the FBI, the last time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3259.9s	3259.9	 they did this, remember, they manufactured a falsified warrant to the FISA court for this type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3266.6s	3266.6	 of investigation. They have that history. So I'm just going to suspend judgment on what's going on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3273.5s	3273.5	 here until they actually produce the documents they're talking about. Because right now, this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3278.6s	3278.6	 stinks. Do you honestly question the integrity of leadership and agents of the FBI? Are you serious?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3286.7s	3286.7	 Like, you don't think? Yeah. All right. Let me read you this tweet from Michael Burry. I don't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3290.5s	3290.5	 to hear the tweet. I want to hear your point. Well, I agree with what Michael Burry is saying. So I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3295.0s	3295.0	 think sometimes it's helpful. There's a lot of thoughtful commentary about this. And what Burry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3299.0s	3299.0	 says is J. Edgar Hoover led the FBI for five decades, denied the mafia existed, fought the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3304.0s	3304.0	 civil rights movement, shielded the KKK. Multiple presidents acknowledged fear of him. So what he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3308.6s	3308.6	 saying is that the FBI, since its inception, has political origins and basically meddled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3316.4s	3316.4	 politically in the affairs of the country. Then he says, the FBI lied to the FISA court. This was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3321.4s	3321.4	 back in 2016. Totally true. Altered emails, leaked lies to the press to get Trump. Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3327.1s	3327.1	 shocking. So, Freeberg, listen, I don't know whether the FBI is telling the truth, but are you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3331.8s	3331.8	 honestly going to say that the FBI's leadership has never been political, that it's never harbored
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3337.2s	3337.2	 or pursued their own agenda, and that it's never had a desire to go after Trump? I'm not making an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3342.5s	3342.5	 opinion. Hold on a second. We saw the text messages from Comey, Strunk, Page, McCabe. I mean, these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3349.4s	3349.4	 guys basically took it upon themselves when Trump was elected to be the quote unquote insurance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3354.2s	3354.2	 policy. And an FBI lawyer pled guilty to falsifying documents to seek a warrant from the FISA court.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3364.6s	3364.6	 So I just think anything's possible here. And now I'm not saying the FBI is lying about this. I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3369.7s	3369.7	 know. But the idea that the FBI is automatically entitled to the benefit of the doubt in light of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3375.4s	3375.4	 their proven history of basically pursuing Trump like Ahab pursued the white whale. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3381.4s	3381.4	 these guys have been after him. I'm just going to zoom out for a second. The reason I'm interrogating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3386.5s	3386.5	 Sachs on this is like, it's just so telling to me that a guy like you, Sachs, in your position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3393.7s	3393.7	 are actually questioning the integrity of the highest justice authority and institution in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3399.6s	3399.6	 the United States, really says a lot about kind of the state of the US citizenry,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3407.0s	3407.0	 the state of our society today. I think it speaks a lot to-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3409.8s	3409.8	 It's at least a third of Americans.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3411.4s	3411.4	 I know. It's incredible. And what Ray Dalio said in his book about how during these periods,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3416.6s	3416.6	 when the empires begin their decline, and when you're challenged with kind of the economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3421.9s	3421.9	 conditions that the US is challenged by printing lots of money, lots of debt, very hard to service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3426.3s	3426.3	 all that debt, and we have a ton of obligations over the next decade or two that are going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3430.4s	3430.4	 very hard to meet given our economic growth and inflation conditions right now, that you start to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3436.2s	3436.2	 see these sorts of behaviors historically. It's happened six times in the last 500 years where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3441.6s	3441.6	 large empires like the United States or large economic powerhouses like the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3446.7s	3446.7	 start to decline, that the civil war begins, that the institutions get challenged by a minority and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3453.5s	3453.5	 then a majority of the citizenry, and it really starts to crumble and challenge the integrity of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3459.8s	3459.8	 the institution and its ability to hold itself together. I'm not, hold on a second. I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3464.1s	3464.1	 challenging, hold on a second. I'm not challenging the integrity. You're questioning the integrity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3468.3s	3468.3	 of the Department of Justice, right? Listen- By the way, I'm not arguing, I'm just pointing out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3472.0s	3472.0	 like it's an incredible condition for us to find ourselves in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3475.2s	3475.2	 Yeah, but my questioning did not create that condition. This lack of trust is earned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3481.5s	3481.5	 It's earned by the FBI in light of behaviors they took just a few years ago. Now listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3486.7s	3486.7	 I'm not defending Trump per se. I don't know what he did or didn't do, okay? But I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3495.4s	3495.4	 you can't just accept at face value without further proof these leaked, what are basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3502.6s	3502.6	 leaked comments by the FBI. Listen, I'm not a naive child. I mean, the fact of the matter is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3509.6s	3509.6	 that power can be corrupt and power corrupts, okay? And we have seen that the FBI from its
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3516.4s	3516.4	 earliest days did engage in corruption and more recently against Trump himself,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3521.4s	3521.4	 head of Vendetta against Trump. So I'm simply- So hold on. So all I'm doing is I'm not going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3526.6s	3526.6	 automatically accept at face value what they're saying until I see some proof. Now I'm not saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3532.8s	3532.8	 that they're wrong or they're lying about this. I'm simply saying I'm not going to accept it at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3536.5s	3536.5	 face value. Yeah. And remember, Trump was elected on the platform that there is this deep state,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3544.1s	3544.1	 that there is institutional corruption, that there is malaise and lethargy in these institutions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3550.2s	3550.2	 of the government that are funded on the order of trillions of dollars a year, and that that's what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3554.7s	3554.7	 he was intended to go and blow up and repair. And there's a very strong and potentially close to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3561.8s	3561.8	 majority percentage of voting Americans that feel that there is this core deep state corruption,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3567.8s	3567.8	 institutional lethargy that is challenging our ability to give everyone the freedom and liberties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3573.0s	3573.0	 that they deserve. These agencies are supposed to be nonpartisan. They're not supposed to have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3577.4s	3577.4	 horse in the race. And what we saw is that when Trump was in office and these texts came out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3582.8s	3582.8	 clearly the top levels of the FBI, these top agents, I'm not talking about the rank and file,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3588.4s	3588.4	 I'm not talking about the field agents. I understand that a lot of them are law and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3592.3s	3592.3	 order types who vote Republican. I get it. But I'm talking about the leadership, the highly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3595.7s	3595.7	 political leadership in Washington. And it was pretty clear that they had a horse in the race.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3599.5s	3599.5	 They did not like Trump and they were out to get Trump. And again, Trump is not my preferred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3606.6s	3606.6	 candidate for 2024. But what the FBI has done with this raid, quite frankly, I think, is polarized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3612.7s	3612.7	 the outcomes. They are basically going to send Trump to the big house or the White House. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3617.6s	3617.6	 because now the Republicans have rallied around Trump, I think he's going to be very, very hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3621.5s	3621.5	 to beat as the nominee in 2024 unless the FBI comes up with ironclad evidence to show that he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3629.8s	3629.8	 did something significantly wrong. I care less about who did what and what was done wrong. I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3633.7s	3633.7	 care more about the fact that this conflict is escalating and it's creating a real condition of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3638.2s	3638.2	 continuing polarization. And it really is the conditioning that, you know, Biden had some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3644.3s	3644.3	 historians in the White House. There was a report on this last week and these historians spoke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3648.5s	3648.5	 about how the conditions in the United States are just as they were right before the Civil War.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3653.8s	3653.8	 And that there's real concern. Yeah, well, I mean, you know, they can go read the anecdotal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3660.7s	3660.7	 reporting that was done on this thing, but that was the general theme of the conversation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3664.7s	3664.7	 And, you know, it really kind of concerns me more that this level of discourse is escalating to a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3672.6s	3672.6	 point of, you know, there's corruption, this person is a criminal. And that sort of discussion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3679.0s	3679.0	 happens, you know, in more dire circumstances and more economic circumstances than has ever been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3687.0s	3687.0	 seen. You know, the U.S. is the largest economy in history. And we're now having these sorts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3691.5s	3691.5	 conversations that typically lead to some degree of conflict. And it's really concerning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3695.7s	3695.7	 Well, I just think, listen, I think that Trump was out of office. We were told that this partisan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3701.0s	3701.0	 rancor would stop once he was out. And it's, you know, they're pulling him back in. And all I can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3706.6s	3706.6	 say is that when the I think we know maybe one percent of the story. OK, I think this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3712.9s	3712.9	 leak around nuclear documents is it feels like a selective leak. It's not certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3717.2s	3717.2	 the whole story here. All sides are inclamatory. All sides are cantankerous.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3721.0s	3721.0	 And I'm suspending judgment. What I'm saying is, though, that when all the information comes out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3725.2s	3725.2	 there better be a very significant there there. No, no, no, we've made that impossible, too,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3729.8s	3729.8	 because he Trump came out and he basically said, hey, listen, if you if these guys find something,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3735.2s	3735.2	 it was planted. And now you're going to have at least 10 or 15 percent of the population that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3740.2s	3740.2	 believes, OK, this was planted. It wasn't actually there. And, you know, so whatever the outcome is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3746.6s	3746.6	 will not be good. Nobody will be satisfied. And both both of the extremes in the United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3753.3s	3753.3	 will be even more angry. Further inflamed. Yeah. Further. Well, that's what I'm saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3758.6s	3758.6	 Inflammatory index has now has now skyrocketed. Yeah. By the way, this is why I think at some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3763.2s	3763.2	 level maybe the lack of faith in these institutions is well deserved, because where is the the, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3771.0s	3771.0	 know, the prudence of all of this? Like, where is the the circumspect thoughtful, methodical thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3779.7s	3779.7	 about all of the different outcomes that could be possible so that you exhaust every option? And this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3786.1s	3786.1	 is the only option left. And then even then, if Merrick Garland was open to basically saying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3793.0s	3793.0	 unseal the warrant, why didn't you do it before and say we're going to have to serve this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3799.4s	3799.4	 unless he actually gives us these things? There's all kinds of things you could have done.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3803.4s	3803.4	 Oh, clearly they did keep the hold on a second to keep the temperature of this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3807.5s	3807.5	 way, way down. And that's what your point, Jamal, they could have let Trump's lawyers watch them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3813.7s	3813.7	 do the search so that nobody could claim anything about anything being planted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3817.9s	3817.9	 Yeah. So they didn't let that happen either. Inflammatory index is spiking. I think that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3821.8s	3821.8	 my key takeaway on all of this. I care less about what Trump did and what the DOJ did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3827.0s	3827.0	 But you're right. And you know, when you're-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3828.7s	3828.7	 I'm more concerned about where this takes us, because the next step, regardless of the outcome-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3832.2s	3832.2	 Well, you know where it takes us. You know where it takes us. When you're on tilt at the poker table,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3836.2s	3836.2	 what do you do? You cannot think properly. That's where everyone's at right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3840.9s	3840.9	 People are so inflamed with emotion, they start to make very poor decisions. I don't know whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3846.5s	3846.5	 the DOJ and main justice made a poor decision or not. I think this is where we have to hold our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3851.5s	3851.5	 breath and hope they didn't. I don't know whether the White House knew anything or not. But the whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3857.1s	3857.1	 point of all of this is that we pulled this guy right back in to the main stage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3864.6s	3864.6	 Absolutely. I mean, like I said, you've polarized the outcomes. You're either going to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3869.3s	3869.3	 send this guy to jail, or you're going to send him to the White House.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3871.9s	3871.9	 No, I think there's very likely a middle path where nothing happens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3876.6s	3876.6	 But it will further erode what Freeberg says, which is it's just a little bit less trust in the DOJ.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3882.6s	3882.6	 Institutional integrity is eroding. And when institutional integrity erodes,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3887.8s	3887.8	 the fabric of what keeps everything working starts to fall apart. And I'm not saying this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3892.6s	3892.6	 is some cataclysmic civil war happening. Just to be clear, I'm not saying there's some cataclysmic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3896.4s	3896.4	 civil war happening next year. But it's an unfortunate decline in everyone's faith and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3902.3s	3902.3	 the stability of the institutions that we all rely on to support and service us. Because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3907.0s	3907.0	 inflammatory index is going to go up and everyone's going to be criticizing everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3910.2s	3910.2	 And that's a nasty place to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3911.2s	3911.2	 This is why I think we really have to ask, was this really necessary? I mean, why did the DOJ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3915.4s	3915.4	 and the FBI think this was necessary? When these boxes were just sitting there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3919.1s	3919.1	 I think that's a reasonable question. If these things were actually sitting in a box with a lock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3924.6s	3924.6	 that they changed, there must have been something more that was so grievous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3929.4s	3929.4	 where you had to do something like this. Now, by the way, David, I just want to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3932.7s	3932.7	 I read, so I don't know if it's true or not. I think maybe it was in Barry Weiss's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3936.7s	3936.7	 sub sac or Matt Taibbi's sub sac. These folks weren't armed to the teeth. They came in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3940.8s	3940.8	 jeans and shorts and t-shirts. In fact, main justice told them like, do it as-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3945.3s	3945.3	 No, I've seen the photos. I've seen the photos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3947.4s	3947.4	 No, no, you saw the photos outside. I'm saying the people inside were there for six or seven hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3952.1s	3952.1	 and only a few people knew about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3953.6s	3953.6	 They were there for nine hours. They basically told Trump's people they couldn't be there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3957.7s	3957.7	 They had to leave. They told them to turn the cameras off and they had like highly militarized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3962.6s	3962.6	 guys. There were something like 40 people and something like 30 of them were heavily armed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3967.0s	3967.0	 The optics were terrible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3968.4s	3968.4	 If there was some confidential nuclear material in Mar-a-Lago and through normal means of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3974.2s	3974.2	 communication, they had asked several times to have it returned and identified this for him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3978.3s	3978.3	 And he had refused, which I think is a very reasonable kind of conditioning for what may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3983.0s	3983.0	 have happened here. And then they said, okay, we got to go get it. There's no choice. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3986.9s	3986.9	 like super confidential nuclear material. We got to get this stuff. The only way to get it is to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3991.4s	3991.4	 serve a warrant and go in there and get it. Under those circumstances, do you think that this would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=3997.7s	3997.7	 have been kind of inappropriate? Like I assume all other kind of communication means were exhausted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4002.9s	4002.9	 What would you have done if you were president?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4004.6s	4004.6	 Listen, I think there is information that could still come out to convince me that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4008.5s	4008.5	 raid was warranted. I just haven't seen that information yet. And I think the optics of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4014.0s	4014.0	 were terrible. I like the point I was making. I don't know why it wouldn't have been good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4018.1s	4018.1	 enough to send in the FBI agents with holstered sidearms, not AR-15 weapons of war, where the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4025.9s	4025.9	 fingers were just outside the trigger guard. It looked like a paramilitary raid. So whoever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4030.1s	4030.1	 was thinking about the political ramifications of this clearly didn't do a very good job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4033.8s	4033.8	 I also don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4034.8s	4034.8	 The optics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4035.8s	4035.8	 I also don't know why you wouldn't give the courtesy to a former president of the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4040.4s	4040.4	 States to give them either more of a heads up or to let his lawyers attend so that just for their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4047.8s	4047.8	 own protection, so they can't be accused of planning anything that would have been smart.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4051.9s	4051.9	 And I don't know why they would have said to trust people that they couldn't record it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4056.3s	4056.3	 And I don't know why there have been reports that the FBI went through Melania's closet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4060.6s	4060.6	 I mean, seriously, they're like going through Melania's clothes. It's just weird. It's weird.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4065.0s	4065.0	 So there's a lot about this that we don't know. I'm not conclusively rendering judgment about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4070.7s	4070.7	 because there are things that absolutely could come out to convince me that it was warranted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4075.1s	4075.1	 but I haven't heard them yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4076.3s	4076.3	 Okay. Everybody will see on the next episode of the All In Podcast. Love you besties.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4095.6s	4095.6	 I'm going all in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4096.8s	4096.8	 What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4102.4s	4102.4	 Besties are gone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4105.0s	4105.0	 That's my dog taking a mission to drive away.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4110.1s	4110.1	 Oh, man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4111.0s	4111.0	 My appetizer will meet me at the restaurant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4112.8s	4112.8	 We should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just useless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4116.7s	4116.7	 It's like this sexual tension that they just need to release somehow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4120.9s	4120.9	 What. You're. About. B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4122.8s	4122.8	 What. You're. About. B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4123.8s	4123.8	 What. You're. About. B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4125.0s	4125.0	 What.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4125.5s	4125.5	 Good. We need to get merch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlWgTNGkNe0&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=31&t=4127.1s	4127.1	 Besties are back.
