https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=0.0s	0.0	 I want to play the theme music for this episode. Okay, hold on one second. Here we go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=12.6s	12.6	 If you let the Indian government plant spies in your office, give a little whistle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=21.3s	21.3	 If you have too many bots, you can come up with your own metric. M-D-A-U's. M-D-A-U's.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=31.0s	31.0	 When you want to incent your staff to not look at the bots, give them bonuses based on DOWS. Based on DOWS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=41.3s	41.3	 Always let your bonus be your guide.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=46.3s	46.3	 When you're on the board and you see metrics that you don't like, turn a blind eye. Turn a blind eye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=53.6s	53.6	 Sorry, sorry. I just got subpoenaed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=61.2s	61.2	 Everybody's getting subpoenaed again. This is Jake Howell at his best.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=66.9s	66.9	 We gotta stop. We're gonna go show off too much trouble.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=83.6s	83.6	 This is gonna be the story of 2022 for sure. Right before, I guess the big case between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=92.6s	92.6	 Elon and Twitter is about to happen, I guess in October at some point, a Twitter whistleblower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=98.4s	98.4	 has come forward and dropped a nuke into the middle of what was basically the story of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=104.8s	104.8	 year in business, I think. The former head of security hired by Jack himself, an incredibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=111.9s	111.9	 well-respected Peter Mudge Zatko. He's referred to as Mudge. One of the most respected people in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=120.2s	120.2	 the security industry, again, recruited by Jack in 2020 after a team of hackers, you may remember,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=126.4s	126.4	 took over all these verified accounts. Obama, Biden, and Elon's account as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=131.8s	131.8	 He was head of security until January of this year, eight months ago. He claims,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=138.4s	138.4	 through explosive documents, a huge document dump, that Twitter execs ignored, these Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=144.5s	144.5	 executives ignored multiple security vulnerabilities. Now, why is this important? Well, obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=149.8s	149.8	 if Obama, Biden, and other heads of state have their Twitter handles, they could say something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=154.0s	154.0	 that could cause an international incident, and that's actually happened with hacks before.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=160.0s	160.0	 He also says they were not following even the most basic security protocols like safeguarding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=165.0s	165.0	 staff access to core software. Of course, all this comes after there were Saudi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=171.7s	171.7	 infiltrator spies, essentially, inside of Twitter. I mean, the list of things here that he is alleging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=178.5s	178.5	 is truly colossal. He dumped these documents to the Department of Justice, the SEC, Congress,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=184.2s	184.2	 and the Washington Post. He alleges that the vulnerabilities make Twitter extremely vulnerable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=189.4s	189.4	 to foreign spies hacking and disinformation campaigns. And perhaps most importantly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=196.2s	196.2	 to the acquisition, the complaint also adds that Twitter's policy towards fake accounts incentivize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=201.2s	201.2	 quote, deliberate ignorance by undercounting spam accounts and giving bonuses to execs for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=207.0s	207.0	 increasing users but not finding bots. Sax, your thoughts? I mean, on this, we talked about your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=214.9s	214.9	 subpoena or whatever that was. I don't know. I'm being depositioned.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=222.8s	222.8	 You're having a deposition? Yeah, they want to depo me too, which is kind of amazing. But let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=228.1s	228.1	 save that because I think this is more newsworthy. So you'll recall on a previous show, we talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=235.6s	235.6	 about this idea that if Twitter sues Elon to go after the kill fee or to go after damages,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=242.6s	242.6	 the question will very rapidly become about whether Twitter has a bot problem and will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=248.4s	248.4	 discovery reveal documents that show that Twitter executives knew or should have known there was a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=254.3s	254.3	 problem. And so I said, you know, the question will very rapidly become what did Twitter executives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=259.7s	259.7	 know and when did they know it? Now, I couldn't have predicted that this whistleblower would come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=264.4s	264.4	 forward. But what he's basically saying is not only is there a bot problem, there is a cover-up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=270.6s	270.6	 of the bot problem. He's accusing the company of positively Nixonian tactics here. So just to build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=277.7s	277.7	 on what you said, Jcal, he said that Twitter executives don't have the resources to fully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=282.4s	282.4	 understand the true number of bots on the platform and their executives are disincentivized to count
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=286.7s	286.7	 them properly because doing so would negatively affect their bonuses. So I didn't know that their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=291.8s	291.8	 bonuses were in any way tied to this bot issue. So he's basically he's making the Upton Sinclair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=298.3s	298.3	 argument that it's hard to get a man to understand a problem when his salary depends on not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=303.8s	303.8	 understanding it. So that's part of what he's saying. He's also saying that he's accusing Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=310.7s	310.7	 CEO Parag Agarwal directly. Let's just say these are allegations, right? These are not proven yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=316.2s	316.2	 But here's what he's saying. Basically, he's saying that Parag and his lieutenants repeatedly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=321.4s	321.4	 discourage him from providing a full accounting of Twitter security problems to the company's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=325.9s	325.9	 board of directors. They basically prevented him from producing a written report.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=330.4s	330.4	 He also says that the company's executives ordered him to knowingly present cherry-picked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=335.2s	335.2	 and misrepresented data to create the false perception of progress on urgent cyber security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=340.4s	340.4	 issues. He also alleges that they went behind his back to have a third-party consulting firm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=346.4s	346.4	 Their report scrubbed to hide the true extent of the company's problems. And as a result of this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=351.8s	351.8	 he's basically saying that Twitter executives committed securities law violations by making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=357.6s	357.6	 material misrepresentations and omissions and SEC filings. And this is what got Elon to sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=364.2s	364.2	 of commemorate Zacco's revelations with one of his trademark memes, which was the meme of Jiminy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=369.1s	369.1	 Cricket singing, give a little whistle from the film Pinocchio. Which I think becomes a cold open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=374.2s	374.2	 here. Which just became our cold open. So yeah, look, these are very serious allegations. They're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=380.4s	380.4	 not proven yet. He's working with the same group who worked with Frances Haugen. And I certainly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=387.5s	387.5	 questioned some of the things she was saying. So I'm not going to automatically accept on faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=392.7s	392.7	 everything he's saying. But I think by the same token, because he's working with groups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=398.5s	398.5	 that back Frances Haugen, who was very much not on the free speech side of this debate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=405.4s	405.4	 I also think you can't just accuse this guy of being an Elon Stooge. This guy is a respected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=412.1s	412.1	 cybersecurity authority. He's one of these like white hat hackers. He's somebody who was an early
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=418.4s	418.4	 literally, if you were to ask before all of this, before he worked at Twitter, like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=422.9s	422.9	 who would you want as your chief security officer? You know, give me a short list,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=426.7s	426.7	 he'd be on it for any company. Right? One of the most respected people who points out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=430.7s	430.7	 vulnerabilities and Shematha or free burger have a question about corporate governance and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=434.8s	434.8	 what seems to be a dysfunctional relationship here. You have Jack hire somebody to solve the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=440.7s	440.7	 security problems, then when presenting to the board, he's not allowed to tell the truth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=445.8s	445.8	 And they, the board has given incentives to the management team, he's a top five top seven member
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=451.3s	451.3	 of the management team. So what's going on here with this dysfunction where he's hired to tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=458.5s	458.5	 the truth, to fix the problems, the board is turning a blind eye to it. And maybe the management
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=465.3s	465.3	 team is not giving the board the data they need to make better decisions who how do you game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=470.8s	470.8	 theory this? Yeah, I'm not sure that it's you can come to all those conclusions. Yeah, I'm not coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=476.6s	476.6	 to the conclusion. I'm just my mind is wandering of how this I read dysfunction comes up. I read
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=481.2s	481.2	 parts of, of his whistleblower, I can't claim to have read it all. It actually isn't super supportive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=487.2s	487.2	 of Elon's case. The most problematic thing that he points out is the following and this is a quote
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=494.0s	494.0	 from his complaint. He said Twitter quote, already doing a decent job excluding spam bots and other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=501.2s	501.2	 worthless accounts from its calculation of m down. At best, he's alleging that Twitter omitted details,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=509.5s	509.5	 not that it lied directly. So if you kind of take that, I think what he's really pointing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=516.5s	516.5	 his sights on are, as you said, disclosures that have nothing to do with the spam issue,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=522.2s	522.2	 but have a lot to do with security. And that is something that typically in a in a public company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=528.8s	528.8	 board filters up through the audit committee typically that gets a readout, right once a quarter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=535.7s	535.7	 from the rep from the right people who talk about here's our cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=541.2s	541.2	 And then there is a readout from that committee chair to the board. And then those are noted in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=548.8s	548.8	 your quarterly in your quarterly reports that the secretary writes down. So I think part of why this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=559.0s	559.0	 guy may not have had the audience is, it was also written that he was a pretty terrible manager.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=565.6s	565.6	 And there were hundreds of people in his organization who were just kind of running here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=569.5s	569.5	 and there. And so you know, you guys have all been in the situation where we hire somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=574.5s	574.5	 who is an exceptional performer. And then we miscast that person by putting them in a point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=580.4s	580.4	 of leadership and being a team manager versus, you know, a single kind of like product or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=588.0s	588.0	 engineering expert. And it seems that there was a part of that at play as well, which decayed the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=593.8s	593.8	 ability for management to actually have enough faith and trust in this guy to put him in front
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=597.9s	597.9	 of the board. So and that's all that's just come up in the last few days. So I don't know my,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=602.8s	602.8	 my reading of the whistleblower claim is really that this is the kind of thing that companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=609.2s	609.2	 like Facebook and Google and others have had issues with the FTC in the past. They typically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=615.6s	615.6	 settle those claims, they pay a fine snap. But those things take three to five years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=622.0s	622.0	 to play out. So I suspect that this body of content more leads to that outcome than is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=630.6s	630.6	 smoking gun that really helps Elon. In fact, this the fact that he's actually affirmatively stating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=637.2s	637.2	 that their calculation of MDAO is actually pretty decent actually hurts the claim that Elon is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=642.6s	642.6	 making. I don't know if I agree with that, actually. Okay, go ahead. So I agree with with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=647.9s	647.9	 Chamath that the claims he's making are far broader than the bot issue, and far broader
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=653.6s	653.6	 than the issues that Elon's raised. So I agree with you about that, Chamath. However, I don't agree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=659.5s	659.5	 that what he's saying isn't specifically helpful to Elon's case. So what he said is so this is from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=665.1s	665.1	 a CNN business article, he said, Zacos disclosure argues that by reporting bots only as a percentage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=672.7s	672.7	 of MDAO, rather than as a percentage of total number of accounts on the platform, Twitter obscures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=677.6s	677.6	 the true scale of fake and spam accounts on the service. A move Zaco alleges is deliberately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=683.2s	683.2	 misleading. And then CNN continues- So what you're saying here, Sax, just to do the math,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=688.4s	688.4	 the denominator matters here. If the denominator was all accounts, the percentage of bots would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=692.9s	692.9	 much higher. If the denominator is monthly MDAOs, whatever they created, it would be a much lower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=698.5s	698.5	 denominator, and the percentage would change. I think is what I'm just reporting what what CNN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=704.3s	704.3	 is reporting in terms of what Zaco's alleging. I just want to get it on the table. CNN broke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=708.6s	708.6	 the story along with one other news source. Washington Post. Washington Post. Yeah. Basically,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=712.9s	712.9	 what happened is this guy got fired in January and started working with these whistleblower lawyers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=716.8s	716.8	 They put together a big report, and then that report got leaked to the Washington Post and CNN,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=722.0s	722.0	 as well as people on Capitol Hill. So that's kind of what happened here. So CNN goes on to say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=727.5s	727.5	 Zaco says he began asking about the prevalence of bot accounts on Twitter in early 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=734.4s	734.4	 and was told by Twitter's head of site, Integrity, that the company didn't know how many total bots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=739.2s	739.2	 are on his platform. He alleges that he came away from conversations with the Integrity team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=743.8s	743.8	 with the understanding that the company had, quote, no appetite to properly measure the prevalence of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=749.1s	749.1	 bots, end quote, in part because if the true number became public, it could harm the company's value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=754.8s	754.8	 in image. So this is again, the up in Sinclair problem that they're-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=758.5s	758.5	 I mean, then at a minimum, David, you have to agree this guy is basically speaking on both sides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=763.3s	763.3	 of his mouth. I mean, these are both direct quotes from his complaint. So his complaint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=767.4s	767.4	 at best is very confusing and a little schizophrenic. Well, it's also just coming out. So there'll be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=772.9s	772.9	 more data that comes from- Yeah, by the way, I'm not saying that I believe him or disbelieve him,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=777.0s	777.0	 but I'm saying if you look at the quotes, the quotes aren't the smoking gun one would want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=782.5s	782.5	 If one was trying to look, I think we have to remember the lawsuit has really nothing to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=788.7s	788.7	 with this problem. The lawsuit really boils down to one very specific clause, which is the pinnacle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=796.0s	796.0	 question at hand, which is there is a specific performance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=801.3s	801.3	 clause that Elon signed up to, right? Which, you know, his lawyers could have struck out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=807.9s	807.9	 and either chose not to or, you know, couldn't get the deal done without. And that specific
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=813.3s	813.3	 performance clause says that Twitter can't force him to close at 54.20 a share. And I think the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=821.1s	821.1	 issue at hand at the Delaware Business Court is going to be that because Twitter is going to point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=826.2s	826.2	 to all of these, you know, gotchas and disclaimers that they have around this bought issue as their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=834.2s	834.2	 cover story. And I think that really, you know, this kind of again builds more and more momentum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=841.5s	841.5	 in my mind that the most likely outcome here is a settlement where you have to pay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=849.2s	849.2	 the economic difference between where the stock is now and 54.20, which is more than a billion dollars,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=856.3s	856.3	 or you close at some number below $54.20 a share. And I think that that is like, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=863.8s	863.8	 if you had to be a betting person, that's probably and if you look at the way the stock is traded,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=869.4s	869.4	 and if you also look at the way the options market trades, that's what people are assuming that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=873.9s	873.9	 there's a seven to $10 billion swing. And if you impute that into the stock price, you kind of get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=879.3s	879.3	 into the $51 a share kind of an acquisition price. Again, I'm not saying that that is right or should
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=885.5s	885.5	 be right. That's just sort of what the market says. Friedberg, what's your take on this? Do you find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=889.7s	889.7	 this person credible, highly credible? And how damaging do you think this is to Twitter,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=894.9s	894.9	 independent of the deal to sell the company? I think there's two tests. One is the materiality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=902.0s	902.0	 of what they've reported. So and really, that comes down to just the the endow reported numbers. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=909.6s	909.6	 if there really is some misstatement, knowing misstatement based on what he's saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=912.9s	912.9	 that's an issue. The other one is the duty of care responsibility of the board, meaning,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=916.1s	916.1	 did the information that he's providing actually find its way to the board? If it was blocked by
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=921.2s	921.2	 management, you know, it's a judgment call on, you know, whether or not management was trying to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=928.2s	928.2	 deceive or whether they were trying to investigate and identify more. If the information was brought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=932.9s	932.9	 to the board and the board did not act, then there's an issue with the boards meeting their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=938.2s	938.2	 duty of care responsibility as fiduciaries of the company. And that's really what he did pitch the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=943.7s	943.7	 board at some point or explain this to the board, but not in writing. Yeah, if what he's claiming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=949.1s	949.1	 did not make its way to the board, then it's hard to say that the board was in breach of their duty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=956.1s	956.1	 of care. If the CEO and if the if the CEO blocked it, then there's a question on what then the CEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=963.1s	963.1	 can be fired, right? Then there's a good case for the CEO to be fired. I see. So I see, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=967.4s	967.4	 probably one of three scenarios here. One is, you know, nothing happens to is that the board is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=972.2s	972.2	 actually violating there, which I doubt knowing this board, I mean, knowing who's on this board,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=978.0s	978.0	 it's probably more likely that the CEO or some executives that block this information from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=982.1s	982.1	 getting to the board, the board then has to act now that they have the information and they say,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=986.0s	986.0	 Hey, you block this information from getting to us, right? And then they have to act. And then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=990.4s	990.4	 they say, Hey, you block this information from getting to us, we need to act. And maybe they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=994.8s	994.8	 removed the leadership that was responsible for that. Sax in terms of board governments,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=999.4s	999.4	 how much of this has to do with the fact that nobody really owned on the board any significant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1003.6s	1003.6	 equity in Twitter? Is that true? Yeah, I mean, I think I'm on the board was the highest, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1010.4s	1010.4	 He owned two or 3% much did silver like on jack on silver like eons on the board. I mean, they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1015.6s	1015.6	 owners on the board, right? The board. Yeah, we're low. To be clear, Zacho doesn't seem to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1022.3s	1022.3	 be pointing his finger at the board. In fact, quite the contrary, he's saying he wasn't allowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1026.8s	1026.8	 to present to the board in the amount of detail that he wanted in written form like he wanted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1031.5s	1031.5	 So in a way, he seems to be exonerating the board, he is pointing the finger at Twitter executives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1036.4s	1036.4	 And the timeline here is instructive. Basically, what happened is he was hired by Jack Dorsey back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1042.6s	1042.6	 when Jack was CEO. This is in, I think, November of 2020. And at that time, Jack had Zacho report
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1051.4s	1051.4	 directly to him. He actually took responsibility away from these issues away from Prague, who was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1057.0s	1057.0	 running engineering, gave it to Zacho, Zacho reported directly to him. Now fast forward about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1062.8s	1062.8	 a year later, and Jack steps down, Prague's become CEO. And then two months later, Prague fires
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1071.1s	1071.1	 Zacho. And it's in that time period that couple of months, where Zacho alleges that he's prevented
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1078.4s	1078.4	 from providing a written report to the board that Twitter executives instruct him to cherry pick that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1084.4s	1084.4	 they basically try to amend this third party consulting firms report in order to make the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1090.8s	1090.8	 situation look better in order to hide the extent of the company's problems. So I think this is I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1096.0s	1096.0	 think the allegations as far as they go, are mainly a problem for Twitter executives. And look,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1102.6s	1102.6	 I don't know the truth, these things are just allegations. I think this guy is a respected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1108.2s	1108.2	 white hat hacker in the cyber community. At the same time, I don't know, maybe he is a bad manager,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1113.2s	1113.2	 or maybe there are other reasons for removing him. Could be a bad manager.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1117.9s	1117.9	 Yeah. And you can't ignore the fact that under whistleblower laws, if Twitter gets fined as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1122.9s	1122.9	 result of these allegations, he could get 30%. So listen, we don't know the truth of it. However,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1129.1s	1129.1	 I do think that this whole thing is a windfall for Elon's case, because it does seem to provide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1136.7s	1136.7	 substantiation for Elon's assertion that there's a bot prom at Twitter now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1142.7s	1142.7	 And a cover up about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1143.9s	1143.9	 And a cover up about it. Exactly. And a cover up that would basically potentially invalidate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1149.7s	1149.7	 the company's SEC disclosures on the subject. Now, there's a question of law and a question of fact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1156.5s	1156.5	 with regard to Elon's case. So in other words, at the end of the day, what they're going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1160.7s	1160.7	 litigating in Delaware is a contract dispute. Is Elon contractually required to close? And Elon's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1168.3s	1168.3	 assertion is I'm not because this bot issue. So there's a question of law where if everything Elon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1174.0s	1174.0	 says about the bots is true, is he required to close? And I don't know what the legal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1179.8s	1179.8	 ramifications that are. But I think with respect to the question of fact, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1184.3s	1184.3	 is Elon right about the bot issue? There's no question that this is a bombshell that can only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1189.3s	1189.3	 help his case. By the way, to your point, the stock was kind of pricing in a 70% likelihood of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1197.1s	1197.1	 this thing closing, if you looked at just how all this stuff was trading, and it went down to 60%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1201.6s	1201.6	 once that whistleblower report came out and people had a chance to digest it. So to your point,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1206.6s	1206.6	 it definitely moved the goalposts a little bit towards to what in Elon's favor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1211.5s	1211.5	 There is a you know, an important thing to point out here, which sex just touched on,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1215.5s	1215.5	 there is a whistleblower program that was created in 2012. And by the SEC, as part of Dodd-Frank,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1221.7s	1221.7	 I believe, or in part of the evolution of Dodd-Frank, and they've given out now over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1227.4s	1227.4	 $1 billion in whistleblower awards, these awards come out of the SEC fine. So you often wonder like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1233.4s	1233.4	 hey, they give this huge SEC fine, who got it? Well, it turns out whistleblowers now are massively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1238.7s	1238.7	 incented, because if you're a whistleblower, it's a career ending potentially, Jason, you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1243.3s	1243.3	 you're not saying the other part, which is, when you go to these organizations to now help develop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1247.6s	1247.6	 a whistleblower lawsuit, what has actually happened is you're not whistleblowing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1252.4s	1252.4	 moral or ethical breaches, you're whistleblowing things that can come back to an issue that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1256.9s	1256.9	 SEC and the FTC can make an issue of because that's where the financial fines come in. That's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1261.1s	1261.1	 where the remuneration and motivation. So for example, like you could have a company that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1265.6s	1265.6	 illegally, I don't know, killing dogs, horrible. But, you know, the whistleblower claim will be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1273.2s	1273.2	 about, you know, their disclosures in a 10k of how many dogs they killed to the SEC, right in this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1278.4s	1278.4	 case, you know, how many what did they tell the Yeah, and that's why he gave this to the SEC DOJ,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1283.9s	1283.9	 the other interesting wrinkle here. And by the way, there's been two the whistleblower program,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1287.3s	1287.3	 I did a bunch of reading on it this week. They also don't disclose who the whistleblowers are. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1292.4s	1292.4	 this isn't a case where you have to come out like Francis did, or Mudge did. You a lot of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1297.9s	1297.9	 awards are being given quietly. So there's been two rewards over $100 million. And they don't say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1304.3s	1304.3	 what the award was based on, you know, who did who who the whistleblower is, or who the company is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1308.8s	1308.8	 they've been doing this in a very stealthy way. And it seems to be highly effective. The big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1314.0s	1314.0	 difference, I think, with Francis, compared to this one is Francis is just a PM, you know, who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1318.6s	1318.6	 was not a top five or 10 employee, not even close to that. This is a top five top seven employee who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1324.6s	1324.6	 had access to the board and was giving reports to the board, at least orally. The final point on this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1329.6s	1329.6	 I would like to get everybody's commentary on if it is true, that they essentially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1336.8s	1336.8	 were forced to Twitter was forced by the Indian government to put a government agent on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1341.2s	1341.2	 payroll. I think agent means spy. How explosive is that? And then how many other countries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1345.5s	1345.5	 that to me is the most important thing that is not getting nearly enough coverage. It's like you had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1349.6s	1349.6	 a government come to a company that's based in America. And it's not it's not the United
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1356.0s	1356.0	 States government that did it. And basically said, we need you to place an agent of our
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1360.4s	1360.4	 intelligence services inside of your company. And it seems like they were like, Okay, where do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1365.7s	1365.7	 want them to sit? Now, sacks, if that's true, with I wonder if they would be required to tell the CIA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1372.8s	1372.8	 and our government that their arms being twisted? Like, this seems unprecedented to me. And if they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1378.9s	1378.9	 didn't, well, I think this is all alleged. So but if you sacks, what I think the bigger but no,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1384.8s	1384.8	 Jason, you should also ask the next one, which is if they did it to Twitter, which is kind of small,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1390.2s	1390.2	 what about the big honeypots of users, Google, Apple, Google, Facebook,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1397.2s	1397.2	 tik tok, snap? And what about countries outside of just India? What about the United States?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1404.8s	1404.8	 No, I mean, what about the United States? Well, yeah, we have access to the stuff,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1409.2s	1409.2	 you know, through the courts, there's supposed to be a process. There's supposed to be the process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1413.1s	1413.1	 is you go to court and you get a warrant, not that it's a high bar, but a prosecutor has to go show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1418.7s	1418.7	 probable cause and get a search warrant presented to the company. And then they turn over the data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1424.0s	1424.0	 This you're right, it's explosive in the sense that what they're saying is that these government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1429.2s	1429.2	 agents, this is what Zacco says, according to Time magazine, the purported agents had direct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1434.7s	1434.7	 unsupervised access to internal information. So I think means DMS, when the accounts are created,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1440.5s	1440.5	 who owned which account the IP addresses, that's what I'm guessing they had access to, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1446.0s	1446.0	 you do not want to trust. Don't put anything in your DMS, folks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1450.0s	1450.0	 I'm guessing what it doesn't mean is the Twitter menu in the cafeteria.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1453.9s	1453.9	 Yeah, no. Not that I mean, not that anybody's been to that cafeteria in three years. Anyway,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1459.8s	1459.8	 I mean, there's literally $47 olive steak. They had direct unsupervised access to the salad bar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1469.0s	1469.0	 I think you have to make an assumption that if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1474.5s	1474.5	 what if governments are doing this to one company, they're doing it to all companies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1478.1s	1478.1	 Yeah, but you would think, right? That Google would put up a fight or Apple would put up a fight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1484.5s	1484.5	 But who knows? You think they put up a fight when they went into China?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1487.6s	1487.6	 The opposite. Don't you think they do the opposite?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1491.2s	1491.2	 Well, actually, what they did was there's actually even sneaker way to do it. What Apple did when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1495.2s	1495.2	 they went there is they said, we're not providing cloud services in China. But all the cloud services
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1500.8s	1500.8	 are provided by this third party company. So then they could have plausible deniability.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1504.5s	1504.5	 This is about this is about an example of how this is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1508.0s	1508.0	 I understand. But I'm asking you a question. Do you think that foreign governments have put pressure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1513.8s	1513.8	 on the largest American tech companies to place agents? And do you think they exist in there?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1518.8s	1518.8	 They've definitely put to the first part, they've definitely put pressure, we see that, obviously,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1522.3s	1522.3	 then the question is, would our would the would Apple or Google do this and not inform the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1528.1s	1528.1	 government or not put up a fight? I don't know. Well, I think it's fair to say that the the Senate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1532.4s	1532.4	 Intelligence Committee is going to hold Twitter and have like a closed door meeting. And then the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1536.9s	1536.9	 question is, you know, will they haul everybody else in and is just is I think what what is what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1542.5s	1542.5	 is an important question is, is this a dirty girl kind of business tactic at the highest levels of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1547.9s	1547.9	 every company? And we just don't know it and are typically not read into it. And we would never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1552.2s	1552.2	 know in the absence of this whistleblower thing. And my question is, do this our government know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1556.9s	1556.9	 that our companies are acquiescing to these governments? Well, that's been a problem for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1560.8s	1560.8	 long time, actually. So there was an op ed by a Microsoft executive talking about this a number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1565.7s	1565.7	 of months back where the argument was, well, the government has to go get a search warrant to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1570.0s	1570.0	 your data from these companies. But these companies don't put up a fight like they don't. They don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1574.0s	1574.0	 challenge the warrant at all. And why because they don't have an interest, they have an interest in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1579.2s	1579.2	 being cooperative, right? The article is basically saying that if you're the subject of a search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1584.5s	1584.5	 warrant, meaning they're going to Google to get information about Jason, the government should have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1589.8s	1589.8	 a duty to inform Jason so that your lawyers can go challenge it. And that was the legal change that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1595.4s	1595.4	 needed to be made. We had this conversation, I think last year. That is a change that should be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1600.6s	1600.6	 made because in the old days, when the government would present you with a search warrant, they'd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1604.7s	1604.7	 have to go to you because all of your documents were in your possession, they would be at your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1608.9s	1608.9	 office, they'd be at your house. So they would come knocking on your door, give you the search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1612.1s	1612.1	 warrant, you could give it to your lawyer, they could challenge it. That doesn't happen anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1616.4s	1616.4	 Now the government just goes and gives a search warrant to a big tech company, because your data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1620.0s	1620.0	 is in the cloud. But their argument is you don't own that data, the big tech company does. The big
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1624.4s	1624.4	 tech company has no incentive to fight the government. And they just get access to all of your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1628.0s	1628.0	 data. And you don't even know that you're being investigated. It's not an argument. You agree to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1632.4s	1632.4	 that when you sign their terms of service. Yeah, the current situation is bad enough that essentially,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1637.8s	1637.8	 you have very little protection and rights over your data. But what's happening here,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1642.7s	1642.7	 the allegation is even worse, which is that government operators are working with the company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1647.9s	1647.9	 in a way that provides them access. And they have firehose.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1650.1s	1650.1	 Without them even getting a search warrant. Yeah, they can just spy on their ex-girlfriend,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1653.2s	1653.2	 their brother-in-law, whoever. They can just spy on a celebrity, do whatever they want.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1659.1s	1659.1	 I'd always assume that this was happening covertly, meaning like, look, if you're a tech company and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1665.4s	1665.4	 you have a very bright, I don't know, PhD on a visa, and you hire that person to work in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1670.9s	1670.9	 computer vision, I'm just making this up. How do you really know that that person is not an agent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1677.0s	1677.0	 of another foreign country? And obviously, the overwhelming majority are not. But once you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1683.6s	1683.6	 hundreds or thousands of people that you brought into your company, all it takes is one person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1691.3s	1691.3	 For example, we just saw, I think in Apple, there were two people that were just recently arrested
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1697.1s	1697.1	 for stealing all of Apple's autonomous auto data and documents and design schematics and all of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1705.6s	1705.6	 that stuff. And one of the guys was arrested right before he was trying to fly back to China.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1712.6s	1712.6	 And so somehow they figured it out. They were able to get him. He was not a US citizen. But then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1716.8s	1716.8	 another guy that did it was a US citizen, but both were of Chinese origin. It just goes to show you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1721.1s	1721.1	 that the covert nature of industrial espionage is probably at an all time high. Right. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1729.2s	1729.2	 that's that's a risk that every company has to manage and do the best that they can. But this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1734.5s	1734.5	 is different. This is an overt risk. This is just an overture and saying, open the door, give us a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1740.1s	1740.1	 badge, we're coming in. And this is why I think you have to deal with this case very delicately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1744.2s	1744.2	 and in a different way. Yeah. And for people who don't know, Google does what's called the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1748.7s	1748.7	 transparency report. Twitter also has one. So they do try to put out by category search warrants,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1755.8s	1755.8	 subpoenas, etc. Exactly how many warrants they're getting. And the tech companies are at least
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1762.7s	1762.7	 trying to be transparent about it to the extent they can. But this is going to lead to a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1766.5s	1766.5	 people moving off of the cloud, I predict. We're seeing and in fact, Apple is now storing your data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1773.7s	1773.7	 and a lot of your privacy information locally on your phone. And if it's encrypted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1777.6s	1777.6	 they can't hand it over as we saw with the the terrorist shooting in it was at San Bernardino,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1784.0s	1784.0	 where they couldn't unlock the phone and they went to the Israeli spy company to do it. So,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1788.0s	1788.0	 you know, I think I think the companies here, at least in the United States want to defend their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1791.3s	1791.3	 users. But this is could be make people rethink the cloud. And I've seen a couple of pitches from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1796.7s	1796.7	 startups, you're confusing issues, of course, they're going to try to defend their users in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1800.2s	1800.2	 the United States. But what if you have if you let somebody into a different country and that it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1805.0s	1805.0	 not as if those servers are not accessible. Yeah, I'm not confusing this. I'm just talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1809.4s	1809.4	 about the United States here for a minute. I do think you're going to see people buy many servers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1814.2s	1814.2	 to put or rent their own cloud services that are encrypted and impossible to unlock. And so look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1820.4s	1820.4	 for that trend to come or more companies to encrypted and say we don't have the keys to mouth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1825.2s	1825.2	 So isn't it crazy that like, you know, we spent the last 20 years pushing the cloud and the thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1830.5s	1830.5	 that may actually unwind the cloud is just the utter lack of privacy that we have now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1836.6s	1836.6	 I've just had like, we've just created these massive honeypots, where, you know, any state
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1842.4s	1842.4	 or non state actor can essentially just have an incredibly detailed understanding of who you are.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1848.4s	1848.4	 And why because we weren't willing to pay five bucks a month for storage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1853.5s	1853.5	 Everything needed to be free. Isn't this part of isn't this part of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1858.0s	1858.0	 philosophy behind decentralized services that, you know, crypto is distributed? Yeah, I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1864.6s	1864.6	 I don't like using that term, but just decentralized services where the data doesn't sit on some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1869.4s	1869.4	 centralized enterprise controlled servers, but the data is distributed either on a chain or in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1876.7s	1876.7	 your phone or in some way, you know, your identity, your information, your content,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1882.4s	1882.4	 content isn't isn't centrally controlled. And that that fundamental principle may actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1889.7s	1889.7	 come to kind of bear over the next couple of years and decades that a consumer model,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1895.0s	1895.0	 yeah, that model is more appropriate for us for me. And therefore, the services that are built that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1899.9s	1899.9	 way are going to win in the market. The challenge is ultimately how do you finance those because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1904.0s	1904.0	 those services, right? I mean, they they don't have as much of an economic incentive, you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1908.4s	1908.4	 to pay for them, you know, if you're willing to pay $5 or $10 a month for your privacy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1913.1s	1913.1	 consumers are doing it for you. I use the brave browser and VPNs. And these are becoming a major
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1918.9s	1918.9	 category. You hear it on podcast advertising all the time. Duck Duck Go. Brave VPNs aren't just for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1927.2s	1927.2	 hackers anymore. They're like real like, probably bringing up something that I think that's really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1932.5s	1932.5	 important, which is that, you know, over the last 20 years, for all of us, we've been building these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1936.6s	1936.6	 products on the internet, we've actually done a little bit of a disservice because we've basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1941.5s	1941.5	 created these expectations of consumer surplus. And we've never given people true sets of trade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1947.6s	1947.6	 offs, we've always said, Oh, you'll get more. And it's essentially free, because we'll back into an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1952.2s	1952.2	 advertising model that that supports us being able to give you more and more for free. But it turns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1957.9s	1957.9	 out that it has some real consequences. And I do think that not enough of us actually understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1962.9s	1962.9	 why privacy is important. But when you start to hear these examples, and it'll be important to see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1967.6s	1967.6	 what what the true details of this Twitter situation are. I think that the pendulum starts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1973.3s	1973.3	 to swing in the other direction where we say, Okay, you know what, I'll eat out at Chipotle one night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1979.1s	1979.1	 a week less. And instead, I'm going to reallocate that money to making sure that I have, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1984.1s	1984.1	 some amount of privacy, you can do it for 25 bucks a month, you know, two or 300 bucks a year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1988.3s	1988.3	 which is a big number for, you know, maybe the average Joe, but it's, it's, it's, it's being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=1993.0s	1993.0	 packaged and bundled right now. So you're seeing the VPNs, the anonymous search engines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2000.5s	2000.5	 the browsers all starting to bundle, they're bundling a set a suite of services. And so I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2006.1s	2006.1	 think this is upon us now, and consumers get it, and they want to protect their privacy. So an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2010.3s	2010.3	 apple has said, this is going to be our reason for you to choose our cloud is that we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2015.6s	2015.6	 put the local settings, we're gonna put your data on your phone, encrypt it, we don't have access to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2020.7s	2020.7	 it. Use use Apple for this reason. Of course, they're also building a multi billion dollar ad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2025.2s	2025.2	 business at the same time in Apple News and their app store. So there's that I guess we should move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2032.0s	2032.0	 on here. Well, we'll see what happens with this. The other big news story that people are talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2037.2s	2037.2	 about this week, and we talked about I guess last year was student loan debt relief. Interestingly,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2043.6s	2043.6	 about 85 days before the midterms. Joe Biden has decided to unilaterally give 10 to 20 k of debt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2053.6s	2053.6	 relief to people who have student loans, you have to have under 125 k in yearly income as an individual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2062.8s	2062.8	 250 as a household. And the student loan pause program which happened during COVID has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2069.6s	2069.6	 extended to the end of this year. I'm not sure why. There's about they explained why. Apparently,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2076.1s	2076.1	 it takes four months for them to turn on their COBOL written software that runs these loan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2081.7s	2081.7	 services. Mighty. So I'm serious change takes four months, it's gonna take it's gonna take four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2086.2s	2086.2	 months to restart the software that that calculates your loan balance and is able to print a bill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2091.3s	2091.3	 We're so incompetent. Okay, anyway, you have to apply for this. And as we know, student loan is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2096.8s	2096.8	 student loan debt is 1.75 trillion. This is going to cost us another 300 billion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2103.5s	2103.5	 Can't imagine what's going to happen with this 1020k people buying NFTs and stocks and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2109.5s	2109.5	 housing and we're going to hit the I guess we're gonna Bloomberg Bloomberg had a report that said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2114.1s	2114.1	 that look, we we we passed the Inflation Reduction Act, we talked about it last week. But one of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2120.9s	2120.9	 key pillars of that is that there's a 300 billion of expected revenues coming in. And we essentially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2127.2s	2127.2	 turned around and just gave that back to a very, very small segment of the American population.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2133.9s	2133.9	 Bloomberg's analysis was that it's going to create somewhere between point one and point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2138.4s	2138.4	 3% extra inflation on top of all of that. And so you know, you really have to ask yourself like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2146.0s	2146.0	 what what was the White House trying to accomplish? I think number one, they made a campaign promise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2151.8s	2151.8	 And so you know, I think Biden needed to make sure that he fulfilled that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2157.2s	2157.2	 But nobody was really happy, right? The progressives wanted something extreme.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2161.3s	2161.3	 Everybody else said, you know, this is not really the right thing to do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2166.5s	2166.5	 Because it doesn't really solve the sim the the root cause of what we're dealing with, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2170.7s	2170.7	 if it would have been much better if you had said, Hey, listen, you know, we're going to make this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2175.1s	2175.1	 stuff expungible on bankruptcy, that would have been really useful. What happens if you actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2180.1s	2180.1	 tried to I don't know, you were from the inner city and you worked your ass off, you became a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2183.6s	2183.6	 doctor, you have 300,000 in debt. But now you're a, you know, a resident and you make 126,000. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2190.1s	2190.1	 now you're, you know, you're kind of sol here. So there's a lot of folks that they probably wanted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2195.6s	2195.6	 wanted to help that they didn't help. Then there's all the blue collar folks who are like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2200.4s	2200.4	 why this giveaway only to these folks, then there are the people that paid off their loans thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2204.8s	2204.8	 why did I pay my loans off, then there's the incentives that it creates for colleges,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2209.5s	2209.5	 which is well, I'm just going to keep jacking up tuition, because if they did it once, they may
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2213.6s	2213.6	 do it again. So all of these things, I think are sort of a little bit of, you know, it's a little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2220.9s	2220.9	 bit of a head scratcher. And then the last thing which we can talk about at the end is, I don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2225.4s	2225.4	 think this is what gets people out to vote. And I don't think it's what people care about ultimately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2229.9s	2229.9	 at the polls, which if there was a political calculation to make, that's important. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2234.0s	2234.0	 specifically, when you look at what happened last night, in a bunch of these districts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2240.0s	2240.0	 every progressive candidate got absolutely shellacked, they lost across the board.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2248.0s	2248.0	 And so the progressive talking points around this stuff, fundamentally, when push comes to shove,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2253.6s	2253.6	 doesn't work for Democratic voters. And then second, is there was a really hotly contested
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2259.2s	2259.2	 seat, which was a Democrat versus a Republican, I think it's Pat Ryan versus this guy, Mark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2266.3s	2266.3	 Molinaro, the Republican, he was leading the entire way, and then this guy won 51 49. And this is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2272.5s	2272.5	 very centrist down the middle. Damn. So all the signs are like, this may not have been the smartest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2279.6s	2279.6	 thing to do. But I don't think Joe Biden had a choice, because he made the promise and he had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2283.2s	2283.2	 to live up to it. Freberg, is this a fair thing to do? A smart thing to do a cynical thing to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2288.2s	2288.2	 to buy votes? Where do you fall down on this issue? This is absolutely moronic. I think that the fact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2296.2s	2296.2	 that 8 million households are eligible for this relief, and 10 to $20,000 is relief is provided
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2305.5s	2305.5	 to a minority of Americans is exactly what Chamath said, which is kind of distorted politics at its
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2313.6s	2313.6	 worst. This is a $300 billion bill to the US taxpayer. And the ultimate beneficiary of that bill,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2322.2s	2322.2	 while we all might want to say it's the people that are getting debt relief that have taken out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2325.4s	2325.4	 these student loans, that money was transferred to somewhere. And you know where it was transferred
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2330.0s	2330.0	 to? University endowments and the pockets of for-profit educational institutions. If there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2338.8s	2338.8	 were a free market for education in the United States and the government was not involved in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2344.3s	2344.3	 the process of funding and supporting the educational infrastructure in this country,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2349.0s	2349.0	 individual citizens would have the right and the obligation to make decisions about whether or not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2354.4s	2354.4	 the money that they're spending on tuition actually has a positive ROI for them. By spending $10,000
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2360.3s	2360.3	 or $100,000, am I going to make more than that much money back when I graduate? And unfortunately,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2365.6s	2365.6	 we've lulled our citizenry, we've lulled our country into complacency, where that decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2371.8s	2371.8	 and that calculus is no longer required because Uncle Sam is there to give you all the money you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2376.3s	2376.3	 want to go to college. And the hungry, money hungry institutions that are there to educate you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2381.2s	2381.2	 are taking that money, putting it in their endowments or in the pockets of their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2384.4s	2384.4	 shareholders. And at the end of the day, it turns out that that decision may not have been the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2388.3s	2388.3	 decision. And we're no longer holding ourselves individually to take responsibility for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2393.7s	2393.7	 decisions that we've made. And we're creating mis-incentives because of the government programs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2399.1s	2399.1	 that have been created by telling people you need to get a higher education, the government is going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2403.4s	2403.4	 to pay for it for you. And it doesn't matter if it does or doesn't work, because at the end of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2407.2s	2407.2	 day, if it doesn't work, we're just going to pay it back for you anyway. We'll bail you out. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2411.4s	2411.4	 there's a middle class in the United States of America that is going to end up paying the tax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2415.4s	2415.4	 bill primarily because that's where most tax dollars come from, for the minority of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2420.5s	2420.5	 that made a bad decision. And it's not necessarily their fault. They made that decision because the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2425.6s	2425.6	 infrastructure and the system was set up to tell them, go to college, get a good degree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2431.9s	2431.9	 It always works out. You'll end up having a good life. You'll make more money. And the reality is that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2436.0s	2436.0	 aren't and that they don't. The ROI for many of these degrees has been negative. You make less
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2441.5s	2441.5	 money than you would have if you were actually in the workforce, earning an on the ground experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2446.5s	2446.5	 and progressing your career. You do not need a degree in philosophy or history or German studies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2452.0s	2452.0	 to be able to go and be effective in the technology workforce or in the services workforce. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2456.6s	2456.6	 that we're seeing that play out. The biggest challenge now is if we're going to provide this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2461.3s	2461.3	 loan relief and not reform the educational infrastructure and the requirements for whether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2467.2s	2467.2	 or not an educational system is eligible for support from the federal loan program, we are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2472.9s	2472.9	 not actually solving the fundamental problem. We are keeping this gravy train running and we're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2477.7s	2477.7	 actually getting to the root cause of where this money is flowing. And this is exactly what happens.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2481.7s	2481.7	 I will rehash my point that I've made a hundred times at the end of empires. Everyone sees that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2486.8s	2486.8	 the money train is leaving the station and everyone jumps and grabs what they can. And that's exactly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2491.8s	2491.8	 what's going on. We think that we're a rich nation, but we're becoming complacent. And this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2495.8s	2495.8	 unfortunate and it's a really sad sign. I think we need to fix this educational infrastructure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2499.9s	2499.9	 We need to make eligibility requirements for whether or not loans are actually going to have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2503.4s	2503.4	 a positive ROI for students. And then individuals ultimately need to be educated on that and made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2507.8s	2507.8	 held accountable to whether or not they're making the right decisions for themselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2511.2s	2511.2	 Sachs, should each American pay a thousand dollars to let these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2514.8s	2514.8	 eight million people off the hook? Cause that's what this is going to cost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2517.9s	2517.9	 No, of course not. I mean, I agree with everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2520.2s	2520.2	 And people say, I don't like you. I just gave you the softball of all softballs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2522.8s	2522.8	 Go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2522.9s	2522.9	 No, I mean, look, I think this is an issue where all four of us are on the same page.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2526.9s	2526.9	 I agree with everything that Jamasa and what Freeberg said. I mean, this bill is unfair or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2531.2s	2531.2	 it rewards relatively well off college grads over working class people. It's going to add
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2537.7s	2537.7	 300 billion to the deficit. I mean, Joe Manchin should feel like a sucker right now because they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2542.1s	2542.1	 just spent the 300 billion of supposed savings that he just agreed to. Just to add, it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2550.0s	2550.0	 unconstitutional. I mean, the constitution expressly says, no money shall be drawn from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2555.8s	2555.8	 the treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law. So I don't understand how Biden can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2561.8s	2561.8	 even do this by an executive order. I expect this will be challenged and taken to the Supreme Court.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2567.3s	2567.3	 And I think there's a very good chance that it'll end up like Biden's other executive orders that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2570.9s	2570.9	 were ruled unconstitutional. Remember there was the vaccine mandate that he tried to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2575.2s	2575.2	 and there was the eviction moratorium that he tried to do and they were both ruled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2578.1s	2578.1	 unconstitutional. I think there's a good chance that this will also be ruled unconstitutional.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2583.5s	2583.5	 And like you guys mentioned, it's inflationary. I mean, these are basically stemmy checks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2587.8s	2587.8	 which we don't need right now. And it's going to make tuition go up because the more government
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2591.6s	2591.6	 subsidizes something, the more those providers have an incentive to raise the cost. So this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2597.6s	2597.6	 just a jump the shark moment, I think, for policymaking. The question is, why are they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2601.6s	2601.6	 doing it? And I think it really speaks to the nature of the Democratic Party today, which is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2607.9s	2607.9	 the Democratic Party has shifted from being a blue collar, sort of more economically populist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2614.8s	2614.8	 party, economically left party, to being a professional class that is college educated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2621.5s	2621.5	 culturally left, more woke party. And this is the ultimate example of that, where the Democratic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2626.3s	2626.3	 Party is basically passing this payoff and giveaway to their sort of woke college graduates at the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2632.8s	2632.8	 expense of their blue collar, the blue collar part of their coalition. And a Democratic political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2638.8s	2638.8	 scientist that I like to read, Roy Tushara, just today, he had a blog post called the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2643.5s	2643.5	 Democrats Shifting Coalition, where he pointed out that if you look at polling, if you look at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2649.1s	2649.1	 the generic ballot among white college graduates, they favor Democrats by 12 points, whereas the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2655.8s	2655.8	 white working class, which is to say non-college voters, they favor Republicans by 25 points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2661.5s	2661.5	 So one of the biggest gaps in the electorate is college versus non-college. That is the fundamental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2666.8s	2666.8	 gap. It's bigger than any other gap, than racial gaps or anything like that. This is really the key
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2673.8s	2673.8	 gap of the electorate. And this is a payoff to the, basically to the new foot soldiers of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2679.5s	2679.5	 Democratic Party. If you think about it, the old stereotype of a foot soldier of the Democratic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2684.6s	2684.6	 Party would be a union representative. They were the ones getting out the vote. That person has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2689.4s	2689.4	 been replaced with sort of a woke college graduate who joins the Democratic Socialists of America,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2694.9s	2694.9	 and they go out and they're the ones pounding the pavement and doing the ballot harvesting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2699.2s	2699.2	 So there's been a real change in what this party is about. And I think that's the explanation for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2703.2s	2703.2	 why they're passing this legislation. Chamath, and then we'll go to you, Freiburg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2707.8s	2707.8	 The MFAs from Sarah Lawrence College have taken over the Democratic Party.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2711.5s	2711.5	 Yeah. Well, let me ask you guys, let me ask you guys a question. When you guys graduated,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2717.4s	2717.4	 everyone went to undergrad. Chamath, you went to undergrad in Canada, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2721.2s	2721.2	 I have no grad degree. Right. But when you guys graduated college, what do you think the ratio,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2727.9s	2727.9	 80-20, 90-10, 50-50, 0-100 was the first two years of experience you guys had in the workforce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2735.1s	2735.1	 versus the education and knowledge you garnered in college? How important was it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2740.0s	2740.0	 90% workforce. 90% workforce. I went to school that night, so I was working while I was at school.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2746.2s	2746.2	 Right. I would say 100 and 0. I went to a school, University of Waterloo, that has a program called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2752.8s	2752.8	 co-op, where you have to alternate school and work. It takes an extra year to graduate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2757.6s	2757.6	 but you end up getting 24 months of full-time work experience. So it was the same.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2761.9s	2761.9	 And you graduate with a lot less debt. I graduated with half the debt I would have otherwise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2766.8s	2766.8	 Sax, I mean, do you feel the same? I mean, you went and got a law degree. That's different.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2771.9s	2771.9	 I mean, look, I think that it used to be the case that people would go get these degrees and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2777.2s	2777.2	 would take out these loans because there was a perceived ROI of getting this education. And I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2782.2s	2782.2	 think one of the deeper issues we have today is it's very unclear what the ROI is. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2787.3s	2787.3	 what is the return on getting a degree in social studies or art history or, frankly, some woke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2795.4s	2795.4	 studies at one of these prestigious universities? Their graduates go out and they're not especially
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2800.1s	2800.1	 qualified for a higher paying job. And actually, I think one of the really revealing parts of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2805.4s	2805.4	 executive order is not just the debt forgiveness part. We haven't really touched on. There's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2809.4s	2809.4	 another provision that caps repayment levels. So basically it says that the monthly payments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2815.1s	2815.1	 on undergraduate loans will be limited to 5% of monthly income. Now, who is that the payoff to?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2820.8s	2820.8	 That is the payoff to the art history major from Amherst, who ends up being a barista at Starbucks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2826.6s	2826.6	 or the Democratic political operative who works for the DSA gathering votes. I mean, that is who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2833.1s	2833.1	 the payoff to. Or the RNC. Let me give the counter argument to you, Saxon. I want to hear your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2837.6s	2837.6	 response to this. So the counter argument is, hey, listen, the airlines got bailed out for a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2842.9s	2842.9	 trillion dollars cumulatively. 2008 financial crisis, 700 billion or something to that number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2849.6s	2849.6	 I'm going to respond to this. There is a caveat to that, which is we actually made money on that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2853.2s	2853.2	 bailout. Okay, great. And then number three, hold on. And number three, me too, airlines, banks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2860.8s	2860.8	 and then the Trump tax break 1.5 billion. So why can't a bunch of students get but 300 billion?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2868.0s	2868.0	 That is the counter argument. Everybody, we don't complain when, you know, the rich people get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2873.4s	2873.4	 bailouts and the rich corporations and airlines do. But now we're suddenly complaining about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2877.2s	2877.2	 little pittance here. What's your best response to that free bird? Well, I'm not saying that's my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2881.0s	2881.0	 position. Larry Summers, former Treasury Secretary of the United States had a tweet storm about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2887.2s	2887.2	 and he said, you know, the student loan issue arouses arouses passion. Here are some observations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2893.0s	2893.0	 and some responses. There is no analogy with bank bailouts. Student loans are grants that cost the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2898.1s	2898.1	 government money. The bank bailouts were loans at premium interest in which the government actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2903.8s	2903.8	 turned a profit. And it's important to think about all government services, being infrastructure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2910.1s	2910.1	 funding where you are funding some underlying tubing or mechanism that allows society and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2916.0s	2916.0	 economy to progress versus making up for the dollar mistakes or decisions that were made in the past.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2922.3s	2922.3	 I also have issues not just with this, but with the issues of people buying homes in coastal cities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2928.9s	2928.9	 that they get bailed out at the price of that home at the fair market price when a hurricane hits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2933.5s	2933.5	 because they paid a premium taking on the risk of a hurricane or a flooding event hitting their home.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2938.8s	2938.8	 Why should the U.S. government and the U.S. taxpayer come in and say, you know what, I'm going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2942.4s	2942.4	 reimburse you for the full value of your home, which frankly should have been 50% of what you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2946.5s	2946.5	 paid for it because it's sitting on a coastline. And that's a big problem that we generally have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2951.4s	2951.4	 is we try and use the government as a system for providing bailouts to make up for past investment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2956.9s	2956.9	 mistakes made by individuals and businesses. And I think that there's a very clear distinction that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2961.7s	2961.7	 you can make when you decide whether or not a and we use the term bailout anytime we're spending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2966.3s	2966.3	 money. But the reality is if you're making an investment that has some payoff for economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2972.0s	2972.0	 growth and for people and for this country to progress in some measurable way, that is a good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2977.3s	2977.3	 way to assess whether or not that is a reasonable investment versus saying, you know what, I'm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2981.5s	2981.5	 covering someone else's liability. And when you do that, we're actually burning money and we're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2986.4s	2986.4	 putting ourselves deeper in a hole as a nation and making it harder to do the former, to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2991.4s	2991.4	 the infrastructure investments and make the investments that allow us to move forward.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2995.2s	2995.2	 And I think that that's a really good way to clarify these things. And frankly, the list of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=2999.1s	2999.1	 things that people say, this is fair, this is not fair, yada, yada, go down that list and ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3004.0s	3004.0	 yourself that question. Is it a positive ROI to progress our country forward? Or is it a bailout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3009.6s	3009.6	 for people that had some liability they took on that they can't cover? And I think for all those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3014.0s	3014.0	 things that are unfair, a really important point, we cannot get caught up in the endless cycle of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3020.2s	3020.2	 making up for other people's unfair benefits that they got from this government. Because at the end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3026.6s	3026.6	 of the day, that's a road to nowhere. We will burn through everything we have and everyone will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3031.6s	3031.6	 scramble for money. And that's the state that we're in right now where everyone's raising their hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3035.3s	3035.3	 and they're seeing $800 billion bills, $600 billion bills, COVID relief, pandemic relief,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3041.5s	3041.5	 PPP loan relief. And everyone says, well, what about me? And at the end of the day, everyone's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3046.4s	3046.4	 what about me is going to drive us into an infinite black hole that we will never get out of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3051.3s	3051.3	 And we have to change our mindset and take individual responsibility and recognize that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3055.6s	3055.6	 the dollars that we're spending have to have an ROI for progression of us as a whole. And this is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3060.9s	3060.9	 a really dangerous place that we're in right now. Sax, if the, if the education comments, okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3067.3s	3067.3	 sure. It makes you come to the last question to sex. I'm not too monologuery today. I feel like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3070.7s	3070.7	 I'm very passionate. No, no, you're doing great. I mean, the fact that you're passionate about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3074.1s	3074.1	 something video game. Yeah. That almond milk gave you a little, maybe four cashews going forward.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3080.9s	3080.9	 I mean, this stuff really bugs me. I'll be honest. Yeah. I'm like, dude, like this stuff just makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3087.1s	3087.1	 me feel like, what are we doing? It just, did you put chia seeds in your, yeah, that's it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3092.2s	3092.2	 Was it the goji berries? Go easy on the goji berries. Dude, that's a super food right there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3098.3s	3098.3	 If you have chia seeds in the morning, this is a huge BM that's about to hit. It's just,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3101.6s	3101.6	 you're just waiting for the wave to hit. Yeah. Yes. I mean, for sure. I have two comments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3105.9s	3105.9	 Comment number one is I think the thing that shows that this could have been better is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3112.1s	3112.1	 it was completely silent on the ability to expunge your student loans in bankruptcy. The ability to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3118.4s	3118.4	 discharge that is the single biggest change you could make to the system to be fair to everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3125.3s	3125.3	 and introduce a better ROI risk scoring calculation mechanism. Why? Okay. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3131.4s	3131.4	 great. So this is an agreement, but go ahead and explain it. Okay. In all debt markets,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3136.8s	3136.8	 right? Whenever you lend money, there is an assumption of risk that you're taking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3141.4s	3141.4	 and that fits on a curve of highly likely to default, zero likelihood of default.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3146.4s	3146.4	 And that manifests in a risk scoring. So FICO score, but in the debt markets, right? And there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3151.2s	3151.2	 these companies that provide that Moody's and S and P, they say you're an investment grade debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3156.6s	3156.6	 You're a triple A plus, you're a junk debt. So you're, you know, you're a triple B minus or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3161.7s	3161.7	 whatever. And depending on where you are, you pay different rates. This is the same in car insurance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3168.5s	3168.5	 It's the same in home insurance. It's the same in health insurance. But in all of those cases,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3174.5s	3174.5	 if you go upside down, you can declare bankruptcy and you can discharge those debts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3179.4s	3179.4	 Here, we don't have that idea. So if you go bankrupt, for whatever reason, this debt will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3185.0s	3185.0	 stay with you forever, which is deeply unfair. Second is if you actually flipped it and you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3190.2s	3190.2	 allow it to be discharged, then the companies that provided these loans would be forced to risk score
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3196.8s	3196.8	 you. And the reason why that would be so powerful is that that would then create the forcing function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3204.4s	3204.4	 for universities to actually deliver what they promise. And so who do you think is really against
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3211.5s	3211.5	 the ability to discharge and bankruptcy? It's the universities and the university endowments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3216.4s	3216.4	 So you know, if I were progressives, the thing that I would have pushed more than a handout to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3222.0s	3222.0	 a few people, which by the way, didn't even, you know, really scratch the surface of the debt that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3227.6s	3227.6	 they had anyways, and it also served to piss off everybody else, I would have focused on this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3234.0s	3234.0	 bankruptcy issue, because that is a meaningful lasting change. And the second is why don't you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3239.2s	3239.2	 go and actually get a large portion of this money from all these university endowments, because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3244.4s	3244.4	 the longer that these folks run what is effectively a multi trillion dollar asset management business,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3253.1s	3253.1	 they're always going to treat education and the ROI that comes from it as a second class citizen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3259.4s	3259.4	 Okay, and that is what I think is wrong. And if you were to just fix this one thing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3265.2s	3265.2	 and then even the threat of actually confiscating some of the $50 billion that Harvard has, or the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3270.8s	3270.8	 $49 billion that UTIMCO has, you would start or the UT system has, you would start to see
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3277.4s	3277.4	 the seeds of change where administrators would think to themselves, I have to deliver something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3282.8s	3282.8	 of value, because these kids are getting loans, they're going to be risk scored. And I don't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3288.7s	3288.7	 to be the person that's like a low end borrower, right? I'm not serving junk paper to the market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3294.5s	3294.5	 I want to serve people that are going to go and really drive a huge ROI. So then Sachs, you'd have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3299.6s	3299.6	 an alignment between the people giving the loan and perhaps the value of the degree. And so you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3305.0s	3305.0	 could say, hey, we'll give loans to STEM degrees at a different rate, or a different number of them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3311.1s	3311.1	 or a different amount of cash or a different interest rate than we would for I don't know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3317.3s	3317.3	 you're getting a degree in philosophy or like I did psychology, right? Just give a different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3322.3s	3322.3	 one based on the outcome. That makes total sense to you. Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3325.1s	3325.1	 Yeah, I've said for a long time that we should be allowing student debt to be discharged in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3330.6s	3330.6	 bankruptcy, just like any other type of debt, just like credit card debt, just like other types of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3334.4s	3334.4	 debt. Jamal's right, that would create some risk to the underwriter, so that they would have to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3340.5s	3340.5	 actually assess whether this person getting that degree would be able to repay the debt. But you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3345.9s	3345.9	 have to ask the question, is it a bug or a feature that they're trying to remove market forces? And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3351.6s	3351.6	 I would argue that this is deliberate, that progressives in the Democratic Party don't want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3356.7s	3356.7	 there to be accountability for what you learn in college. Why? Because as I mentioned, it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3362.4s	3362.4	 these colleges that are putting out the foot soldiers of the Democratic Party. I mean, listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3366.5s	3366.5	 there's a 37 point gap in party preference just based on one variable, which is whether you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3374.0s	3374.0	 professional class or working class, meaning college degree or no college degree. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3379.3s	3379.3	 spans across different racial groups and other party lines. So the fact of the matter is that if
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3384.5s	3384.5	 you go to college and get a degree, you are much, much more likely to become progressive. Now, why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3391.9s	3391.9	 is that? I think it's because a lot of these colleges have basically become reeducation camps.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3397.8s	3397.8	 I mean, these are the woke madrasas of cultural... That is a great quote. Wow, a woke madrasa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3407.6s	3407.6	 It's kind of like Harvard has become like Al-Qaeda. Who wrote that one for you? I see that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3412.4s	3412.4	 Yeah. In fairness, came up with that line. But look, these places are woke madrasas. And what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3417.5s	3417.5	 do they do? They graduate these people. They graduate the new clerics of our woke theocracy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3423.1s	3423.1	 These people go on to become the enforcers. Hold on. They become suicide bombers. Yes, exactly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3428.5s	3428.5	 No, no, no. It's not violent like that. But listen, we look down on some of these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3433.2s	3433.2	 theocratic societies and we don't realize how like them we are. I mean, look, these kids who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3438.2s	3438.2	 graduate from these woke madrasas, they go off and become the speech police. I mean, they go and force
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3443.2s	3443.2	 community moderation at social networks. They become the foot soldiers. All right. Let me just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3448.6s	3448.6	 make up. Hold on. Can I make a final point? No, no. This is the best. J Cal, let me say one thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3453.7s	3453.7	 It's true, right? How else do you explain it? 37 point gap. Okay. So if you're in the Democratic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3459.0s	3459.0	 Party, listen, listen, if you're the Democratic Party, which is run by woke progressive political
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3464.4s	3464.4	 operatives, why would you want to defund the factories that are brainwashing more young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3469.3s	3469.3	 students to basically join your ranks? Okay, I want to say two things. I want to say two things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3472.7s	3472.7	 One is, I think that the university and the college degree has been used as a heuristic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3481.8s	3481.8	 for progression out of blue collar to white collar. It says if you get a hollow and J Cal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3487.8s	3487.8	 I know you can speak to this because you come from a family that works blue collar and you got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3495.6s	3495.6	 a college degree, but I think there is this assertion in the United States and it has now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3502.8s	3502.8	 become, one could argue a meme that if you get a college degree, you're no longer blue collar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3507.2s	3507.2	 you're now white collar. And the reality is that the quality of that degree varies greatly based
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3512.4s	3512.4	 on where you go, the major and the experience you get to accompany that degree. And as a result,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3517.7s	3517.7	 you may not necessarily transfer from blue collar to white collar, but you have the degree. You say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3521.7s	3521.7	 you're now white collar and then you're working a blue collar job with $120,000 a debt. And so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3528.0s	3528.0	 that heuristic isn't true. And what we need to examine is why that heuristic is no longer true
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3534.6s	3534.6	 and what we can do about it. Secondly, I do want to make a defense for college. I think that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3540.8s	3540.8	 is a incredible benefit to broadening individuals exposure to topics, research, and areas that they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3549.2s	3549.2	 may not have naturally been interested in or that they will not necessarily get trained in. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3552.8s	3552.8	 there's an important role that that educational infrastructure has in allowing us to be a more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3557.9s	3557.9	 enlightened populace, meaning we can understand history, we can understand philosophy, we can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3562.6s	3562.6	 understand the things that shaped our world and our livelihoods and what makes us who we are today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3567.8s	3567.8	 And we can understand the sciences and the maps that affect us so we can better understand the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3571.6s	3571.6	 world and the people around us. So there is a role. But the real question is how do you integrate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3576.0s	3576.0	 that educational role into a technical training program or into a real world program skills that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3582.9s	3582.9	 basically make an educational system more than just a checkbox that doesn't actually do anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3588.4s	3588.4	 for you, but gives you that exposure accompanied by maybe that's the requirement with, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3593.5s	3593.5	 with federal loans is that there should be some skill or some force.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3597.8s	3597.8	 I think the minute I don't want to lose the important breadth of exposure that college
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3602.0s	3602.0	 is meant to bring to people. Yes, and then that's valid. Go ahead, Chamath. And then I'll wrap up my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3607.5s	3607.5	 final. No, I was just going to say, I really think people do not understand how, how meaningful of a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3613.7s	3613.7	 change it would be if you were able to discharge your student debt and bankruptcy. It is the most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3619.0s	3619.0	 powerful market function we could create to make these universities more accountable. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3625.9s	3625.9	 if you guys look at my annual letter, I put a chart in there. But, you know, part of the problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3630.1s	3630.1	 that we have in these universities, these leading universities is that these have become graveyards.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3636.5s	3636.5	 Okay, there is a gerontocracy that runs these things with an iron fist. And as these folks have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3643.1s	3643.1	 stayed in these jobs for enormous amounts of time now 4050 plus years, the average person is in their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3649.2s	3649.2	 mid to late 70s. Now who are the administrators of our leading institutions, they are focused on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3655.1s	3655.1	 running up endowments, and they are focused on the power and the influence that comes with their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3660.2s	3660.2	 position. So I implore anybody who has any ability to to actually achieve this change,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3668.5s	3668.5	 there should not be a single logical person that should not support the ability to discharge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3676.3s	3676.3	 student debt and bankruptcy. And you will identify the insider establishment by those that try to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3684.0s	3684.0	 stop you, you will expose them 100%. And I just want to put a closing thing here for the people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3689.1s	3689.1	 listening who have young people making these decisions. When we all went to college as Gen Xers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3693.9s	3693.9	 college was 910 $11,000 a year in tuition. And if you came out with 10 or 20k, and you had an average
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3700.1s	3700.1	 job or salary of double or triple that when you graduated, it seemed like a good deal. The ROI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3705.2s	3705.2	 broke. Now, market forces are at work here. I just want to point out two of them. Number one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3710.4s	3710.4	 there is a website grow with Google, you just look up right now. They're allowing people to get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3715.6s	3715.6	 professional certificates. And this is free. And if you could pull up grow with Google, they've
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3721.3s	3721.3	 identified five different paths to jobs. One of them is digital marketing and ecommerce ones,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3726.3s	3726.3	 it support data analytics, project management and UX design. They have essentially looked at what's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3732.8s	3732.8	 needed in the world and aligned a three to six months online course for fucking free. That'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3739.1s	3739.1	 get you a job. And you if you have executive function, the ability to sit down, shut up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3744.1s	3744.1	 and learn, can do this first before you make the decision to go $100,000 in debt, and then get a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3750.4s	3750.4	 $50,000 a year job. Here are these jobs average, you know, 6070 80k a year, and you can do it for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3757.6s	3757.6	 free. The next piece that the private market is doing you and I looked into this Chamath actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3761.6s	3761.6	 together is a's income sharing agreements. We were lucky enough to invest in a company called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3766.6s	3766.6	 Maritas, they are providing is a's for a college Colorado Mountain College for nursing, what this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3773.1s	3773.1	 means is, they will give you your tuition for free, it's educate now pay later, you go to one of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3780.1s	3780.1	 these colleges for nursing, you get educated, and then you pay it back and you're capped up paying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3784.5s	3784.5	 back like two times whatever the loan is one and a half, whatever the college decides, but they take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3788.9s	3788.9	 the risk as opposed to Harvard with 40 billion that takes no fucking risk. And so the free market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3794.4s	3794.4	 I think, can also solve this, but you have to sit down with your kids and say, let's have an ROI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3798.8s	3798.8	 calculation at 20k in debt, you know, okay, fine, you got a philosophy degree, by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3805.5s	3805.5	 sax final question for you. I posted this thing in the group chat. But what do you guys think about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3810.1s	3810.1	 this? You know, Republican tidal wave becoming a Republican ripple? That's what? Yeah, that's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3818.9s	3818.9	 that's what that's it was, it was an odd set of outcomes, don't you think for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3822.7s	3822.7	 Russian I mean, Biden, look, Biden has had a good run over the last few weeks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3828.0s	3828.0	 There's no question about my audio cut out one more time. Sax can you say it again? I'll say it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3832.3s	3832.3	 again. The political report says that the red wave looks more like a red ripple. No, I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3837.9s	3837.9	 it's right. Well, look, I think a couple of things happen. So first, Biden has got some wins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3842.2s	3842.2	 legislatively, I don't think it's good policy. I don't think this executive order is good policy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3846.4s	3846.4	 I don't think the 750 billion of climate that pretends to be an inflation reduction act,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3851.7s	3851.7	 I don't think that's good policy. But nonetheless, he has delivered some goodies for his his base for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3857.2s	3857.2	 his donors. And that has basically ameliorated the story in the press that Democrats are in disarray.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3862.9s	3862.9	 So you're not hearing that. In addition, I think Biden's got two things going for him, dobs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3867.7s	3867.7	 jobs. I mean, dobs, there's no question dobs has helped the Democrats quite a bit. Certainly has
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3873.8s	3873.8	 motivated their base and then the jobs report has been strong. Look, I think overall, the economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3878.3s	3878.3	 data is mixed. Real wages are not keeping up with inflation. But jobs have so far been strong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3883.9s	3883.9	 So yeah, there's no question that Democrats are in a materially better position than they were in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3887.4s	3887.4	 June, when it looked like a tsunami. That being said, the election is still 10 weeks away. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3892.8s	3892.8	 I think we'll have to see what happens. And I think the economy is still in a pretty fragile state.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3898.2s	3898.2	 So 10 weeks is still a long time. But yes, you're right. Yeah, for things are looking right now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3903.6s	3903.6	 things are a lot better for Biden. And by the way, I do think the Republicans have some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3908.1s	3908.1	 issues with candidate quality. And so there's a couple of races that, you know, should have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3915.2s	3915.2	 more slam dunks that are not. But what was the first word you used there? You said dobs and jobs?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3920.4s	3920.4	 What was the first word? Dobs and jobs abortion. Ah, the dobs case. Yeah, got it. Got it. Okay,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3925.1s	3925.1	 okay. I just didn't hear it perfectly. weren't a lot of these wins for Biden bipartisan?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3932.4s	3932.4	 Well, no, the inflation reduction act was passed on straight party lines. This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3936.4s	3936.4	 college loan forgiveness is something they can't even get through the Senate. It's being done as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3940.6s	3940.6	 an executive order. The things that were bipartisan, hold on, the things that were bipartisan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3945.2s	3945.2	 there was that CHIPS Act, where they got some votes. That's great. And then there was the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3949.7s	3949.7	 guns bill. So yeah, look, he did get some bipartisan wins. There's no question about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3955.3s	3955.3	 I think the Republicans, I think the Republicans got hoodwinked. Basically, the Republicans foolishly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3961.8s	3961.8	 went along with infrastructure and with the CHIPS Act, they should have forced Biden to use up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3968.4s	3968.4	 reconciliation on one of those bills, and then they wouldn't have been able to get through the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3972.7s	3972.7	 750 billion inflation reduction act. So Republicans, you know, as much of a sort of master strategist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3981.2s	3981.2	 as McConnell is reputed to be, they really got snowed on this one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3986.0s	3986.0	 If it's possible for somebody to masturbate themselves from the inside out, Jason's doing it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3991.8s	3991.8	 right now. No, no, no, no. There's a reason why we do this from the chest up. Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=3997.2s	3997.2	 I think what's likely to happen in November is still that the Republicans win one of the chambers,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4001.2s	4001.2	 probably the House. I think the Senate is still up for grabs. I don't think it's over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4004.6s	4004.6	 I think that'll be important because Biden won't be able to pass some of this legislation that's,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4011.4s	4011.4	 I think, destructive from a deficit standpoint, from an economic standpoint. And we've talked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4015.7s	4015.7	 about in this pod, I don't think you guys are too excited about most of the legislation he's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4020.0s	4020.0	 passing. So quite frankly, I'm just hoping for gridlock. I'd like to get back to the situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4025.3s	4025.3	 of gridlock. Less spending would be certainly great at this point. I mean, we're trying to find
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4030.3s	4030.3	 inflation here while we keep spending money over here. It's challenging.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4034.2s	4034.2	 If you want to get back to fiscal responsibility, you know, I think that's a good thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4040.8s	4040.8	 You got to vote for gridlock. Or hopefully moderates come. All right, we'll let Zachs go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4046.4s	4046.4	 Anyway, we're going to go to science anyway. And Zachs checks his email during that segment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4050.0s	4050.0	 So by the way, there's an article now, you know, when we talked about quiet quitting,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4053.7s	4053.7	 it's now become this huge thing that everybody's talking about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4056.9s	4056.9	 Yes. And what's so funny about quiet quitting is just yet another example of Gen Z again,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4061.6s	4061.6	 co-opting something we've already done. When we used to do it, it was called coasting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4065.8s	4065.8	 You just be like, rest and go stick rest and rest. But now it's called quiet quitting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4071.3s	4071.3	 Yeah, they're all up in their feelings. Do we want to talk about the gut bio?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4075.8s	4075.8	 I want to hear about the gut bio. So there was a there was a paper published
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4080.7s	4080.7	 in the journal cell. The paper was done by a research team out of Herzliya.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4088.0s	4088.0	 So I'll take a step back. The human body is made up of roughly 10 trillion cells.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4094.3s	4094.3	 And there are also somewhere between 10 and 40 trillion bacterial cells that live in your body,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4101.1s	4101.1	 primarily in your small intestine, in your and what people call the gut biome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4105.1s	4105.1	 And so this is a population of microbes, bacteria that are basically chemical factors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4110.3s	4110.3	 They eat stuff up and they spit out chemicals and those chemicals end up in our body.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4114.8s	4114.8	 And it turns out that the gut biome, the bacteria in our gut can actually regulate our health in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4121.3s	4121.3	 very significant way. And this was the basis of our company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4124.4s	4124.4	 Munique, you guys can bleep that out if you want, which is now called super gut.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4127.3s	4127.3	 And Jake, I know you've tried the product, which was awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4130.4s	4130.4	 Thank you. You sent me I bought Munique that helped me with my weight loss.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4133.3s	4133.3	 And then I just got super good bars. The principle of that business is that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4136.9s	4136.9	 there is a known product, a molecule amylose that you can feed the gut biome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4142.6s	4142.6	 It doesn't get absorbed by the human body. It sits in the gut biome and the bacteria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4147.3s	4147.3	 in your gut, certain types of bacteria will eat it. Their population will grow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4151.6s	4151.6	 And other population of bad bacteria will shrink. And the good bacteria release chemicals called
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4156.8s	4156.8	 short chain fatty acids that go into your blood and reduce your blood sugar and have a profound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4161.8s	4161.8	 effect on your metabolism. And there are also known gut bacteria that can regulate your sleep,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4168.4s	4168.4	 your mood, your anxiety, your energy levels and your glycemic control, the control of blood sugar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4175.3s	4175.3	 So it's an incredibly- Are you telling me that Cialis is a natural compound? Is it bacteria?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4184.0s	4184.0	 Are you saying we have to cancel our Cialis prescriptions? Oh no.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4189.2s	4189.2	 So guys, there's a known principle that's really deeply studied now in neurology,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4195.2s	4195.2	 in neuroscience called the gut brain axis that you can actually profoundly affect disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4203.3s	4203.3	 and the condition of the brain and neuro conditions by changing the gut biome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4209.2s	4209.2	 And so this is something that's just being studied. The reason it's all coming to light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4213.8s	4213.8	 in the last few years is because of the cost of DNA sequencing. It used to be very, very expensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4219.5s	4219.5	 to sequence the DNA from your gut biome, which you do by looking at your poop and then looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4224.1s	4224.1	 at all the DNA that's in the poop and that tells you what bacteria in your gut. That used to cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4228.5s	4228.5	 a thousand bucks. Now it costs five bucks. And so in the last couple of years, there's this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4232.4s	4232.4	 absolute explosion in research into the gut microbiome and more importantly, how the gut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4237.8s	4237.8	 microbiome affects human health. So this particular paper looked at the effect that eating artificial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4244.7s	4244.7	 sweeteners had on the gut biome and on human health. And so what these researchers did is they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4251.8s	4251.8	 took 120 people, they gave them nothing or gave them sugar or gave them saccharin or sucralose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4258.0s	4258.0	 or aspartame or stevia, the four most popular artificial sweeteners. And then they looked at how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4262.8s	4262.8	 their gut biome changed. And importantly, they looked at how their glycemic control or ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4268.4s	4268.4	 to control blood glucose changed. Blood glucose, as you guys may recall, you always have glucose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4273.3s	4273.3	 in your blood. If you have over a level of a hundred and it persists, you can actually have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4279.6s	4279.6	 really bad health effects and it causes high A1C over time, which is diabetes. And so high-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4285.5s	4285.5	 Stores more fat when you're spiking. And so you get fat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4288.9s	4288.9	 When you have high blood glucose, it's actually damaging to organs. It's damaging to cells.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4293.2s	4293.2	 And over time it can cause very significant deleterious effects to the human body.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4297.0s	4297.0	 That's what the disease of diabetes is and does is it's about high blood, high blood sugar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4302.0s	4302.0	 blood glucose. So what these guys did is they gave people saccharin, sucralose, aspartame and stevia,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4307.9s	4307.9	 and then measured their blood glucose and their ability to convert sugar in the blood and absorb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4313.5s	4313.5	 it and use it. And that's called glycemic control. The way you guys, you guys have probably done this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4317.9s	4317.9	 in the doctor, you take a glycemic control test, you drink a bunch of sugar water and they measure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4322.0s	4322.0	 your blood sugar every couple of minutes. And then they show the curve on how effectively your body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4327.1s	4327.1	 can metabolize that glucose. And if it cannot metabolize that glucose well, you have bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4332.3s	4332.3	 glycemic control. And ultimately that is diabetes. And what they found was that if you eat saccharin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4339.0s	4339.0	 and sucralose, which we always assumed were better than sugar, they actually adversely affect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4345.2s	4345.2	 your ability to control blood glucose. Saccharin and sucralose in particular drive up your blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4352.1s	4352.1	 glucose and makes it harder for your body to metabolize glucose out of your blood. Aspartame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4358.4s	4358.4	 and stevia were relatively benign. Oh really? Because that's what's in Coke Zero. That's what I drink.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4364.6s	4364.6	 There you go. And so that was kind of the realization. And then they went deep and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4369.2s	4369.2	 actually analyzed the microbiome and they showed that there were profound differences in how these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4374.7s	4374.7	 compounds affected the microbiome. It turns out that sucralose, for example, is more likely not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4380.0s	4380.0	 being absorbed by your intestine. So it's sitting in the intestinal walls and the bad bacteria are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4384.4s	4384.4	 eating it. And the good bacteria that are supposed to be making short chain fatty acids and all these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4389.4s	4389.4	 chemicals that regulate blood sugar have a lower population. And so we actually see a profoundly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4395.3s	4395.3	 negative effect from eating certain compounds. Have you shipped your poop to test these?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4401.0s	4401.0	 Like we just did a clinical trial at Supergut by the way, and we found and we published it. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4407.2s	4407.2	 it's public. But wait, the audience doesn't even know this stuff exists in all likelihood.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4412.8s	4412.8	 You basically take a poop and you put it in a vial and you send it and they analyze your poop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4418.3s	4418.3	 I don't mean to be graphic here, but have you done this before? How does this work?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4421.2s	4421.2	 Yeah, I do it every day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4422.3s	4422.3	 I've done it. Yeah. And I think it's, look, here's the issue, Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4427.6s	4427.6	 And I want to say two things that I think are really important to say. Number one is we know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4434.0s	4434.0	 very little about what bacteria do what in your gut. We're starting to understand which ones are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4440.8s	4440.8	 beneficial, which ones make good chemicals that your body use and regulate your cells and regulate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4444.8s	4444.8	 your health. And remember, we have a symbiotic relationship with the bacteria in our gut.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4449.5s	4449.5	 They're making chemicals and they're eating chemicals. The chemicals they make affect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4452.9s	4452.9	 our cells. The chemicals they eat affect our body. So the way that we evolve our health is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4458.4s	4458.4	 actually profoundly affected by our gut biome. So we don't know enough yet to say definitively,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4464.0s	4464.0	 this bacteria is good, this bacteria is bad. We're starting to have a good sense of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4467.4s	4467.4	 The second way, just so you know, just to double down on this, like there's a form of therapy,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4472.4s	4472.4	 it's experimental, but it's called fecal microbiome transplantation FMT.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4477.3s	4477.3	 I heard about this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4478.4s	4478.4	 But you know, we are finding now that you can take feces from healthy individuals that have good,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4484.0s	4484.0	 you know, gut biome and good bacterial counts. And if you put it, you know, injected into people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4489.7s	4489.7	 that are suffering from a bunch of different diseases, it actually is looking like it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4494.0s	4494.0	 curative. So Parkinson's, MS, IBS, colitis. So it just goes to show you that this that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4502.0s	4502.0	 it's somebody with good gut by bacteria. It's really understood into another person's intestines.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4508.4s	4508.4	 Where do you put the poop? No, through the bum. No, no, no. Yeah, you could do it there or you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4513.1s	4513.1	 can take a pill. So there's a little pill and it's got the fecal stuff in it and you swallow it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4517.2s	4517.2	 And then somebody else's poop, you can I said, I said it in a way so that we could see his reaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4524.7s	4524.7	 to in the bum. And Jason was like this. How does this impact your anus? That's what the audience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4531.1s	4531.1	 wants to know. Freyberg, how much your urine is impassioned about it. Here's the other point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4535.3s	4535.3	 I wanted to make, which ties to what Jamal said. This is really important, Jacob. So the gut biome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4540.4s	4540.4	 is an ecosystem like a rainforest. There are trees that grow monkeys climb the trees, they poop,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4546.0s	4546.0	 there's jaguars, jaguars eat the monkeys, the trees grow because of the monkey poop. It is a whole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4550.7s	4550.7	 ecosystem. All these organisms, all these microbes regulate one another and feed one another. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4555.9s	4555.9	 this is why probiotics do not work. Probiotics are single microbes, single bacterial strains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4562.1s	4562.1	 or fungal strains that we put into a pill and we swallow it. And just because that microbe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4567.2s	4567.2	 happens to have some beneficial effect on its own in a Petri dish, it does not survive in your gut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4574.2s	4574.2	 biome because it's like putting a house cat in a rainforest. The jaguar will eat the house cat,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4578.6s	4578.6	 the house cat has nothing to eat, et cetera. It doesn't inoculate. Inoculate means that it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4582.8s	4582.8	 survives, thrives and the population grows. So when we take probiotics, it's just passing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4587.6s	4587.6	 right through our gut. It doesn't stay there and doesn't change anything. And it turns out that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4592.2s	4592.2	 reason fecal microbiome, fecal transplants work is because you're taking the whole microbiome from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4598.5s	4598.5	 someone else's gut and you're putting it in your gut. The whole rainforest. The whole rainforest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4603.3s	4603.3	 And so all the organisms that are needed that self that regulate one another, all of the small
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4607.4s	4607.4	 molecules that regulate that cross regulate each other, they all go in your gut and then they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4611.6s	4611.6	 actually change your entire gut and your gut becomes the rainforest of someone else's gut.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4616.8s	4616.8	 And so if someone else has a healthy gut, meaning my anus, my anus can be your anus Jason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4623.2s	4623.2	 So we put our anuses together and then a monkey goes between them and then the rainforest is. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4628.0s	4628.0	 let me ask two questions. The FDA has not approved any of this yet. When will the FDA be approving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4632.6s	4632.6	 these treatments, et cetera? There are a lot of, there are a lot of clinical trials going on for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4635.9s	4635.9	 fecal transplant. UCSF has a huge clinical trial for MS as Chamath pointed out right now where
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4641.7s	4641.7	 are actually doing fecal transplants on patients without MS into people with MS and significant,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4646.7s	4646.7	 you know, the early data of these sorts of treatments has indicated that there can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4650.9s	4650.9	 a very profound effect on the frequency of lesions appearing on the brain, which is one of the primary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4656.8s	4656.8	 symptoms of MS. And so these organisms, we don't yet know why, but some of these bacteria. When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4662.8s	4662.8	 will we understand this? Is it a five year, 10 year thing? There's a ton of startups, there's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4666.0s	4666.0	 billions of dollars invested. When will we know? When will we know and have like a game plan? So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4669.8s	4669.8	 it's already coming out. There's no, it's not like a binary switch. We're discovering new things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4673.8s	4673.8	 There's a, there's a set of companies that are discovering what are called small molecules.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4677.4s	4677.4	 So they're finding what are the little chemicals that those good bacteria are making in your gut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4682.4s	4682.4	 and what, and can we turn those chemicals into drugs? And so they're trying to turn those into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4686.4s	4686.4	 drugs. Other companies are saying, you know what, this is a set of good bacteria. Let's just put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4690.7s	4690.7	 them in your body and figure out a way to get them to inoculate and stay. Other companies are saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4694.4s	4694.4	 let's do fecal transplants. And other companies are basically just saying, let's change. This is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4698.5s	4698.5	 what we do at SuperGut. Let's just change the feedstock for your gut biome. And you can actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4704.0s	4704.0	 evolve the rainforest into a different state by changing what you're feeding the bacteria in your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4708.8s	4708.8	 gut. And there's certain molecules you can feed the gut bacteria, and then the populations will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4712.9s	4712.9	 change into a more beneficial state. Why are people saying like eating, drinking kombucha and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4718.4s	4718.4	 fermented vegetables, pickles, whatever, apples are like great at fixing your biome and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4726.1s	4726.1	 taking sugar out is good for your biome. This is another thing I keep hearing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4729.7s	4729.7	 Like people are making single point claims like that because they have invested in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4736.9s	4736.9	 lifestyle and they want to defend their choices. It's not to say that those things are bad. Those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4741.9s	4741.9	 are all good. But I think what we know and the fecal transplantation is the most simple way of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4747.6s	4747.6	 pointing this out is that it's a broad scale holistic approach that gets the best results.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4752.8s	4752.8	 So if you've had a kid that's had diarrhea, for example, sometimes what we'll do now is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4760.0s	4760.0	 instead of giving the kid some sort of diuretic suppressant, what you actually give them is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4766.1s	4766.1	 probiotic. And what you're trying to do is to reintroduce healthy bacteria into that child's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4772.2s	4772.2	 stomach in a way that allows them to self-manage and self-heal, while the bad diarrhea causing stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4781.0s	4781.0	 gets washed away as an example. So will one thing be a cure all for you? No. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4787.9s	4787.9	 you should be very skeptical of those claims. That's why everybody says a healthy well-balanced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4792.8s	4792.8	 diet is really important because we do not know conclusively. This is why I tend to believe that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4800.1s	4800.1	 the broad holistic diet works the best in moderation because you just don't know what you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4807.2s	4807.2	 getting. We don't know that you can't say conclusively that there isn't a form of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4813.2s	4813.2	 bacteria that is created specifically when you consume animal protein that is extremely helpful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4818.4s	4818.4	 to you. We don't know that that's not true. Now we don't know that that is true either.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4823.4s	4823.4	 And there's a ton of research going on to try and figure that out right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4826.0s	4826.0	 Have we figured out any of it though? Like this whole generic ginger movement?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4830.5s	4830.5	 Yeah, we could do 12 episodes on this. There's so much amazing discovery happening. This is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4834.8s	4834.8	 good paper to highlight that which is like, hey, maybe avoid products that have saccharin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4839.2s	4839.2	 and sucralose in them. But my big thing is there is no diet, whether it's keto, whether it's the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4845.8s	4845.8	 South Beach diet, whether it's specific vegetarianism, whether it's veganism, nothing is a cure all for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4851.2s	4851.2	 what ails you. There is nothing. And by the way, one important point in this paper, one of the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4857.2s	4857.2	 points that these guys highlighted, which we see all the time in microbiome research, is that there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4862.0s	4862.0	 are what are called responders and non-responders that within a population, it's not like everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4866.8s	4866.8	 that eats sucralose has the same negative effect. Some people have a really negative effect and some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4871.6s	4871.6	 people have a mild to moderate to neutral effect. And so there's a range of your particular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4876.4s	4876.4	 physiology, your particular gut biome that will respond differently to different inputs into your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4881.7s	4881.7	 body. And that's the most important thing to figure out because people need to spend time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4887.2s	4887.2	 eating and sampling to understand what makes you feel better or worse. This is why I have an issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4893.9s	4893.9	 with, you know, the broad based claims of this path will solve all your problems. It's just not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4898.7s	4898.7	 true. You have to solve it for yourself. And it's, it's through iteration. And then the, the, the,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4903.6s	4903.6	 yeah, anyways, it does seem like non-processed foods, whole foods, things that exist in nature.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4909.1s	4909.1	 That seems to me directionally correct as the way to go. And then the fake stuff and the process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4913.4s	4913.4	 stuff may be less good for you. You agree with that? This is why I think like there, there is a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4917.3s	4917.3	 little bit of a scan being run on people who want to be healthy. Like for example, have you guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4922.1s	4922.1	 looked at the ingredient list on Oatly? You know, everybody loves oat milk, but have you looked at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4926.9s	4926.9	 the ingredient list? Are you really telling me conclusively that that is healthier than milk?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4932.9s	4932.9	 It's insane. I mean, I could tell, I could argue both ways, but yeah, I mean, look at the chemicals,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4937.9s	4937.9	 look at the chemicals in a box of Oatly. I mean, just drink water. I can also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4942.7s	4942.7	 tell you the chemical name for every chemical that's in milk, which is all chemical, like all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4947.0s	4947.0	 everything around us is chemicals. So I understand, I understand natural chemicals, but you understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4952.0s	4952.0	 synthetically made manmade chemicals that are explicit, that have to be put on an ingredient
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4956.9s	4956.9	 list because of its danger in high quantities should be treated slightly differently in my opinion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4962.9s	4962.9	 Oh, these just gave us three subpoenas. We're all fucked. We're being deposed by Oatly now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4967.6s	4967.6	 All right, everybody, we'll see you next time on the All In Pod. Love you boys. I love you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=4972.7s	4972.7	 Bye.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRU4eNtL4g4&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=29&t=5002.7s	5002.7	 Oh, man.
