https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=0.0s	0.0	 Hey everybody, welcome to episode 98 of the all in podcast with us again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=5.8s	5.8	 The Sultan of science, the queen of kin wa looks like he brought a trucker hat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=10.6s	10.6	 What are you getting jealous of the Montclair hat or are you just not bathing in?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=14.1s	14.1	 No, I need a hair cut.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=15.2s	15.2	 I haven't had a haircut in like six weeks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=16.9s	16.9	 I'm getting my haircut this afternoon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=17.9s	17.9	 It's not going to make a difference.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=19.2s	19.2	 I think what freeburg is trying to tell us is that he is the zodiac killer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=22.9s	22.9	 Long been known.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=24.9s	24.9	 All right, there is the unibar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=29.0s	29.0	 And Montclair Sachs is here with his $400 Montclair hat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=34.4s	34.4	 And of course, the dictator himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=37.2s	37.2	 I asked Ron, I asked Ron to cut my hair so that the white patch is more prominent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=42.0s	42.0	 I think he did a good job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=43.0s	43.0	 Do you add the white patch with coloring or is it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=45.4s	45.4	 No, it's natural.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=46.7s	46.7	 It's just there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=47.7s	47.7	 It's just there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=48.7s	48.7	 Nowhere else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=49.7s	49.7	 It looks so odd if you were doing it on purpose.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=51.6s	51.6	 It's super random.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=52.6s	52.6	 I like the way it looks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=53.6s	53.6	 I like the way it looks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=54.6s	54.6	 Jay Leno had a look like that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=57.8s	57.8	 I'm about to go, by the way, you know this in the fall truffle season, I like to grow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=61.9s	61.9	 it so that it's more wavy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=63.7s	63.7	 White for white truffle season.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=64.7s	64.7	 Got it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=65.7s	65.7	 I needed to have a reset cut so that then we could grow it wavy for the fall for truffle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=70.8s	70.8	 season.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=71.8s	71.8	 Listen, Jamath, the only thing less relevant to us than your cashmere sweaters is your
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=76.2s	76.2	 haircut.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=87.8s	87.8	 All right, suck announced a hiring freeze and a reorg at Metta.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=99.2s	99.2	 He also said Metta will reduce headcount for the first time in its history.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=104.2s	104.2	 Metta's headcount in 2023 will be smaller than it was this year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=107.6s	107.6	 He called it the end of an era of rapid growth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=111.5s	111.5	 This on top of Apple reporting and Apple got walloped in the market for the first time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=117.8s	117.8	 in forever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=118.8s	118.8	 Apple pulled back iPhone production for the 14 after slower than anticipated demand.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=124.8s	124.8	 As I mentioned on previous episodes, they've kind of done a gentleman's layoff similar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=129.0s	129.0	 to I think Metta in that Apple said you have to be back in the office three days a week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=133.7s	133.7	 A bunch of people quit so you don't have to pay them, I guess, huge packages when they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=137.8s	137.8	 quit that way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=139.0s	139.0	 Google CEO Sundar Pichai also called out employees in July, as you guys all read, and he wrote,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=145.5s	145.5	 There are real concerns that our productivity as a whole is not where it needs to be for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=149.1s	149.1	 the headcount we have Google, of course, 174,000 employees.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=154.3s	154.3	 So I guess the question I have for you is, are these the last hours to fall to mouth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=158.0s	158.0	 in this pullback that we've seen?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=160.7s	160.7	 These are companies that don't need to do the layoffs, they have tons of cash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=163.9s	163.9	 So they're obviously doing that to maintain earnings, one would, and to maybe send a signal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=168.8s	168.8	 to employees that they need to work harder.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=170.8s	170.8	 What's your read on these this past week's shoes to drop?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=174.7s	174.7	 Well, it definitely is the end of an era.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=176.1s	176.1	 I think it is sort of like the the end of this phase of big tech where you had this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=181.6s	181.6	 you know, unfettered growth, where these business models were largely unassailable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=186.7s	186.7	 And they, you know, were really just fighting to grow into their valuation and just generate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=190.5s	190.5	 more revenue to justify where they where they traded at.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=196.4s	196.4	 And now it's this next phase where they have to operate more like a cash cow business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=200.9s	200.9	 And so, you know, it's an acknowledgement that the growth is tapering.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=206.3s	206.3	 It's an acknowledgement that they're going to trade on a pretty tight band in terms of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=210.2s	210.2	 multiple, which means that they have to manage expenses much more tightly, which means that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=214.9s	214.9	 they can't have a really broad based surface area in which to operate an experiment, you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=220.8s	220.8	 have to keep the experiment small.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=223.3s	223.3	 You have to manage your expenses.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=224.9s	224.9	 You can't have employees basically, you know, run over the place.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=231.4s	231.4	 And it has to have a firm hand in dictating strategy and what people work on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=235.8s	235.8	 So I think all of that signals that I actually, Jason, I don't think this is the end.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=239.0s	239.0	 I actually think it's the beginning because these companies, Apple, Facebook, Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=245.7s	245.7	 maybe a little bit Microsoft, are the most sensitive to valuation because they are the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=251.1s	251.1	 most widely held.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=252.9s	252.9	 Right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=253.9s	253.9	 These are the these are the, you know, the equivalent of US treasuries in the equity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=259.6s	259.6	 It's the safest, most predictable safe haven in times of stress.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=264.0s	264.0	 If you want to own big chunky cash flow generating businesses that are relatively unassailable,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=270.1s	270.1	 you couldn't pick four better businesses than those.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=273.0s	273.0	 And so the fact that they see enough in the horizon to say that we need to batten down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=277.7s	277.7	 the hatches should be a warning to everybody else.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=280.6s	280.6	 Freeburg, is it as simple as this that they're moving from top line growth to bottom line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=285.7s	285.7	 and they're going to need to look at the expenses?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=287.9s	287.9	 What's your read on this for Silicon Valley?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=289.6s	289.6	 Well, I just want to zoom out for a second because I remember I started working in Silicon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=296.0s	296.0	 Valley in 2001.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=299.0s	299.0	 You guys are a little older than me, I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=301.2s	301.2	 But like we were right at the kind of year one of the dot com implosion and all the fallout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=307.4s	307.4	 that happened from all the funding that happened from 97 to 99 in 2000.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=312.7s	312.7	 And so from 01 to 03, it was super like deflationary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=317.0s	317.0	 Everyone was cutting costs and all the money that had been raised was kind of being pissed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=321.0s	321.0	 away or companies were liquidating and so on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=324.4s	324.4	 And then starting in 2004, which is actually when I joined Google, but there was also this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=329.0s	329.0	 big movement starting 03, 04 of like what people called Web 2.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=333.3s	333.3	 Then kind of new business models and new businesses started to emerge that seemed to have real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=337.8s	337.8	 traction and real legs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=338.8s	338.8	 And it was a different story and a much more rational story than what you saw leading up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=344.0s	344.0	 to kind of 2000, 2001.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=347.2s	347.2	 And it was around that time when Google started offering these crazy benefits, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=352.0s	352.0	 It was like there's a gym and free food and all these amazing workplace.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=356.5s	356.5	 And suddenly everyone had to do that to keep up, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=359.3s	359.3	 Facebook obviously mimicked it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=361.2s	361.2	 All the other big companies mimicked it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=362.5s	362.5	 And then it became mainstay and they also raised compensation in the Valley significantly because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=366.4s	366.4	 Google had really cracked the nut on how to extract value from the Internet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=370.9s	370.9	 And it really changed everything in Silicon Valley and changed everything in tech because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=375.2s	375.2	 suddenly every tech company, whether you are enterprise software or hardware or an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=380.2s	380.2	 Internet e-commerce site, to be competitive and hire great talent, you have to have the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=384.5s	384.5	 same sort of environment, high wages, great salaries, really share the value of your employees,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=391.8s	391.8	 gyms and free food and all this sort of stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=394.1s	394.1	 So it's the first time I think in a generation since like 2003, 2004 that we're seeing things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=400.8s	400.8	 start to turn the other way, where instead of adding more benefits, making things more attractive,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=406.8s	406.8	 giving more value to employees, we're really seeing the recession hit these kind of leading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=412.2s	412.2	 indicators of how things are going to be in the Valley.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=414.8s	414.8	 And as a result, I think we should expect to see a similar impact on compensation, on benefits,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=421.6s	421.6	 on value share and on kind of proclivity to hire an opportunity to kind of jump jobs and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=427.5s	427.5	 opportunities that we've all kind of taken for granted over the past 18 years.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=432.7s	432.7	 And this is going to be a real shock to a lot of people that work in tech and a lot of people that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=437.4s	437.4	 have gotten used to the idea that every company offers great benefits.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=440.7s	440.7	 There's always another job to jump to that will pay you more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=443.6s	443.6	 And that as that engine of growth that was really driven by these big companies, by Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=448.4s	448.4	 Facebook, Apple starts to slow, no one needs to compete with them anymore as much.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=453.7s	453.7	 And the compensation bands get tighter and the option value gets tighter and the free stuff gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=458.8s	458.8	 tighter. So it's the end of an era and I think it's a new world for tech and Silicon Valley.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=464.1s	464.1	 Sex, what are your thoughts here in terms of startups in relation to big tech,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=468.8s	468.8	 maybe having these austerity measures kick in and a refocusing on profitability?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=473.6s	473.6	 The big takeaway here is just that nobody is safe and it's not just startups have to,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=478.0s	478.0	 you know, tighten their belts. It's these big companies too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=480.3s	480.3	 And I think we're headed for a broad based recession. That's what it seems like.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=484.7s	484.7	 You saw Druckenmiller's comments this week predicting a hard landing in 2023.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=489.9s	489.9	 No one's talking about soft landing anymore. In fact, I think we're all wondering who's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=493.6s	493.6	 flying the plane. So I think we're headed for a pretty big recession. And I just take it in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=499.2s	499.2	 slightly different direction. I'm down here in LA, had dinner the other night with a friend who's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=503.0s	503.0	 a showrunner in Hollywood. And so a showrunner basically is like the head writer and they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=508.0s	508.0	 basically put together the writing team and the content for a show and then they sell them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=513.2s	513.2	 to networks. He said that like no one is buying anything anymore here. That last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=518.4s	518.4	 you had, there was tremendous activity and you saw like the Game of Thrones guys, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=525.2s	525.2	 D&D, they got like a $300 million deal from Netflix and Shonda Rhimes got a $300 million deal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=530.1s	530.1	 These are like the platform deals they did, yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=531.2s	531.2	 Yeah, they got like, there were massive multi-hundred million dollar deals being made last year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=535.6s	535.6	 And that was just for like future writing deals. Like Netflix wasn't even buying libraries when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=539.3s	539.3	 they did those deals. They were locking down talent for the next day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=542.0s	542.0	 Yeah, exactly. So all of that has stopped. And the reason is that Netflix's stock has been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=548.8s	548.8	 hammered, right? And only so they did not have the capital to do those kinds of crazy deals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=553.7s	553.7	 anymore, but they know that Wall Street is watching them. And so fundamentally, they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=557.7s	557.7	 questioning whether a business model even works if they have to spend that much money on content.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=561.6s	561.6	 So then all of Netflix's competitors basically have stopped. So this whole like frothy environment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=568.0s	568.0	 that you had for in Hollywood last year, that's just over. The faucet's been turned off and it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=573.3s	573.3	 not even turned off to a trickle. It's just stopped. So you think that this like massive asset bubble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=578.0s	578.0	 that we had last year was just in crypto and growth stocks. It's not. I think it actually trickled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=585.0s	585.0	 down into the real economy because Netflix was one of those growth stocks. The money then flowed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=590.4s	590.4	 into writers in Hollywood and then lots of other places. This is one small example, right? That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=596.4s	596.4	 this asset bubble wasn't purely just something that's going to be localized to crypto. It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=601.5s	601.5	 affects real people in the real economy. And we are just beginning to see the unwind of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=608.1s	608.1	 Yeah, what's absolutely correct, I think, is people were more risk-taking. They had free capital. They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=612.8s	612.8	 wanted to place more bets. And sure, why wouldn't you bet on the game of throne writers for the next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=616.3s	616.3	 decade? But looking at this is going to be fantastic for startups. I mean, the startups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=621.2s	621.2	 I've worked with over the last five years have been, they always come to me, oh, I got a developer,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=625.2s	625.2	 but this person's got three offers from, you know, Facebook, Google. And they're like, how do I land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=630.9s	630.9	 this person? They got $300,000 a year offering a million dollars in RSUs. And basically founders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=638.2s	638.2	 had to say, no, I can't get that person. And so they had to get creative and they would hire people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=643.5s	643.5	 Ukraine, Uruguay, everywhere in between to try to find developer talent and they had to get creative.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=648.4s	648.4	 Now all of those people are not going to have four job offers, they're going to have no job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=652.5s	652.5	 offers, they may have gotten laid off. And those crazy, unrealistic out of school deals are going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=658.5s	658.5	 to be gone. And this means massive consolidation of talent. You look at the startups community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=663.8s	663.8	 right now, tons of companies are just going out of business, they're packing it in, those people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=668.2s	668.2	 are going to go work at the other startups that are stronger. So whoever makes it out of this as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=672.3s	672.3	 a startup, this is how the cycle restarts is talent then consolidates on the winners, it would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=677.5s	677.5	 be like taking the NBA and getting rid of the bottom, you know, 10 teams and just telling the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=682.8s	682.8	 best players there, move up to the other teams, and everybody else you're out of the league. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=689.1s	689.1	 I think this is incredible setup for 2023 for startups to consolidate talent. So I'm actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=695.6s	695.6	 excited to see us. It's another data point that, again, I said it last week, I'll go out on a limb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=701.1s	701.1	 and predict my equivalent November fall predictions. Last fall, it was at the markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=707.4s	707.4	 were going to poop the bed. My prediction now is that I think the markets are bottoming and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=713.0s	713.0	 consolidating. Yep, 100%. And this is the time I think to start nibbling and start getting ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=717.6s	717.6	 to really rip the money in. And I think there's enough signals every day that kind of like tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=721.3s	721.3	 me at least that on the margin, it's time because I think the markets do a reasonably good job of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=727.2s	727.2	 digesting news, and then pricing the forward reality, right? Like today's price is really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=732.8s	732.8	 everything we already know. And so the real guess is what's about to happen in the future. And from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=737.0s	737.0	 my perspective, I'm actually pretty starting to get a little constructive here. I think that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=743.2s	743.2	 when companies like Facebook really do this, and, you know, like, if you think about it one way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=748.6s	748.6	 the financial markets have always had this thing that we have called a Fed put, what does that mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=753.6s	753.6	 to put is essentially the right to sell something. And what market participants have always known for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=759.3s	759.3	 the last decade is that if things got very hairy, if there was uncertainty in the market, the Federal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=766.0s	766.0	 Reserve would and they have consistently stepped in to create a buyer of last resort. And so it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=772.9s	772.9	 always eliminated that last part of true, you know, supply demand balance, because they would just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=779.8s	779.8	 come and say, don't worry, in many ways in tech, what the big tech companies were, were that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=785.3s	785.3	 you know, you could never really find what the true market clearing price for an engineer was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=789.2s	789.2	 or what the true amount of expenses you should spend on office space or, you know, free services,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=795.9s	795.9	 because you always always had these companies, which was an escalating arms race, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=800.0s	800.0	 if one company had a massage, the next company had gyms and massage and physical therapists,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=806.0s	806.0	 and the other company would have buses to take you to the gyms and massage and therapists and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=809.8s	809.8	 the next company would have protein shakes that were freshly made, you know, and it just kept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=813.8s	813.8	 escalating and escalating, because the costs didn't matter. And they wanted if nothing else,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=820.6s	820.6	 to get that marginal engineer, or product manager, or business person to work at their company,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=827.5s	827.5	 which eliminated the risk that they would actually start something to disrupt them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=832.0s	832.0	 Blocker strategy is very real. Should I blocker strategies are very real. So when you take this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=837.2s	837.2	 big tech put out of the market, you will get true price discovery. And you will find out what the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=846.0s	846.0	 real price should be for this kind of an engineer, that kind of a product manager, you'll find out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=851.7s	851.7	 what are the real expenses you need to bear in order to build a real lasting business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=856.0s	856.0	 And you'll be able to sort through all of that stuff out. So I think it's a really good moment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=860.9s	860.9	 And again, it's yet another indication to me that I think broadly speaking,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=865.6s	865.6	 the markets are now starting to stabilize all the irrational behavior is starting to exit the system,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=872.8s	872.8	 the party is in the last few hours, volumes going down, the alcohol has been taken away,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=878.4s	878.4	 people are hanging around with a little bit of lights are coming on, they're like, I've been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=881.5s	881.5	 here a little too long. And I think that that's a very healthy process for an economy. And I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=887.1s	887.1	 that that's what's happening right now. So I'm constructive, I'm a little bullish, I'll go, I'll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=890.7s	890.7	 go out on a limb. I think, you know, we could be three to 5% from the lows, but we're more near the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=895.2s	895.2	 lows than the highs. It certainly feels like the double bottoming out process was the bouncing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=900.0s	900.0	 along the bottom. And yeah, who knows how hard the landing is. But I think it's a great setup for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=905.2s	905.2	 startups and people who want to start companies. I don't know if you saw Gurley did a great interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=910.6s	910.6	 that trended on the Twitter. And he was just saying, this is the best time to start a company.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=914.4s	914.4	 And I have to agree with him, like, you're going to have talent available. And like, who are you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=918.7s	918.7	 competing against for buying ads, like there's so many marketing opportunities available, the first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=923.8s	923.8	 thing to go in a down market like this is advertising and marketing. So and by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=929.2s	929.2	 we will we will also relive what we have empirically known to be true. And it's been it's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=935.5s	935.5	 been pretty well proven. The investments that one makes in this period will probably be the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=941.8s	941.8	 for many, many years to come, because they'll have the most asymmetric upside. And that was true in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=947.4s	947.4	 2008, nine and 10. It was true in, you know, 2002, three and four. You I mean, you're talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=955.0s	955.0	 incredible companies just in those two periods. Think about this Atlassian, Tesla, Uber, Google,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=960.9s	960.9	 Airbnb, Uber, Instagram, WhatsApp, incredible businesses that have created tremendous value.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=966.6s	966.6	 And so there are businesses that have been invested in for the first time in 2022, and will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=973.5s	973.5	 be invested in for the first time in 2023. And 24, which will be the leading winners of this next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=980.6s	980.6	 phase and this next leg up. And so the real opportunity is to find out who those companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=986.0s	986.0	 are and get behind them, I think 100% as I always tell people, fortunes are made in the down market,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=990.3s	990.3	 they're collected in the up market. Freberg, what are your thoughts here in terms of the startup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=995.3s	995.3	 community or company builder and talent? Because that seems to be the piece that could be a silver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1002.6s	1002.6	 lining on all of this maelstrom that we're going through. I mean, technology always marches forward.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1008.4s	1008.4	 So there's always, you know, there's always progress to be to be had and to be made.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1015.2s	1015.2	 That's one universal truth about it's weird that we call it an industry, because a lot of technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1022.0s	1022.0	 companies in Silicon Valley today don't sell technology to other companies, which is how
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1027.0s	1027.0	 Silicon Valley started nowadays, Silicon Valley is reinventing other industries by being technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1033.5s	1033.5	 led. And that is certainly still true, because there are so many, I hate using the term, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1040.0s	1040.0	 undisrupted industries to pursue efficiency gains across and technology built in Silicon Valley can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1047.1s	1047.1	 can can drive that. Now, when I say Silicon Valley, I don't mean the physical location anymore. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1051.6s	1051.6	 that's the confounding factor here, which is that there does seem to be this distribution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1057.2s	1057.2	 opportunity that's also emerged at the same time, where people are doing remote work and work from
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1063.7s	1063.7	 home and distributed workforce models that seem to be highly effective. You guys talked about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1069.6s	1069.6	 last year, and I don't think they ever had an office, right? I mean, don't most of the people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1072.5s	1072.5	 work from home there. And I think that the success that's been seen in software companies that have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1079.2s	1079.2	 operated that model also changes the calculus because not only are our wages lower, and therefore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1086.4s	1086.4	 the cost of operating is lower, not needing a fancy expensive office in San Francisco is needed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1091.3s	1091.3	 But you can also access far more talent than you ever could before. You don't just need people to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1095.5s	1095.5	 live in the Bay Area or New York or LA or wherever you're operating from. So from a software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1100.2s	1100.2	 perspective, this is an amazing time. I'll tell you, there's a flip side to this, like in life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1104.4s	1104.4	 sciences, real estate is more expensive than it's ever been right now in the Bay Area to get lab
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1109.6s	1109.6	 space. There's a total dearth of space. So there's certain segments that I think are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1115.8s	1115.8	 Why is that? Is lab space like a specific designation? Dude, I mean, there's a revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1121.2s	1121.2	 in genomics that's totally transforming all of biology and human health and what I'm saying is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1125.5s	1125.5	 like, do you need a certain type of location that's sanctioned for that? Yeah. Yeah, lab space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1131.3s	1131.3	 is a certain kind of build out and it's not, you know, and so there's a certain amount of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1135.4s	1135.4	 square footage and it's being built out a lot around the Bay Area. But the thing about life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1139.4s	1139.4	 sciences companies is you do have to operate physically because you're doing some, you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1144.1s	1144.1	 building something physical. And so that is an industry that continues to remain very well funded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1152.4s	1152.4	 and very competitive. And I think, you know, there's still tremendous value. And by the way,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1157.3s	1157.3	 there's a lot of public companies to invest in, not on the primary basis, but that are tools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1161.4s	1161.4	 companies that are benefiting greatly from the continued demand and growth in spending in that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1167.6s	1167.6	 category. Sax, let's talk about competition, you know, a lot of talk, you know, of these large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1173.7s	1173.7	 companies pursuing many different verticals. We talked about anti competitive stuff, Lena con,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1178.9s	1178.9	 the bundling in the suite of products at Microsoft, other firms. Now you have all these being cut.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1185.8s	1185.8	 Death, death to the Roomba.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1189.3s	1189.3	 Death to the room. By the way, did you see that Elizabeth Warren,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1193.4s	1193.4	 of all the things she could send a letter to the FTC about, I guess she sent a letter about the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1197.5s	1197.5	 Roomba. I mean, Senator Karen is just too much, man. I mean, there's a lot of other stuff going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1203.6s	1203.6	 on, but you can let the Roomba slide. That's not important. All the things that are going on right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1210.2s	1210.2	 now in 2022, it's the Roomba that gets on the, that gets, that's above the line.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1215.3s	1215.3	 At this point, I mean, we're just sleepwalking. Oh my gosh. What is going on? There's a famous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1223.0s	1223.0	 history of World War I called the sleepwalkers, because that's basically what it felt like is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1228.0s	1228.0	 they just sleptwalked their way to World War I. Basically, what should have been a minor regional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1233.2s	1233.2	 war, the third Balkans war that nobody should have cared about. Nobody should have cared about this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1238.7s	1238.7	 Franz Ferdinand guy, except for the Austrians. Yeah, exactly. But the whole world basically got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1245.5s	1245.5	 themselves invested in this thing. And it feels, and this is what we're worried about. We're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1249.7s	1249.7	 worried about the Roomba when the administration is sleepwalking its way into the next World War.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1255.0s	1255.0	 Well, I do not want Amazon, okay, to control my vacuum cleaner. I'm just going to put that on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1260.0s	1260.0	 record, okay? Because what happens if they know where the dirt is, they know which rooms are dirty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1264.3s	1264.3	 What happens if they get ahold of the Roomba? I'll tell you what happens. The next thing is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1267.6s	1267.6	 they're going to go after Dyson, okay? And then once they do that, they're going to put chips in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1271.7s	1271.7	 these things. And all of a sudden, they're going to know exactly what Jason said, what are you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1275.7s	1275.7	 eating? Where your dust bunnies are? Yeah, all of this stuff. It's this must be stopped. Lena Conner.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1281.4s	1281.4	 No, but it's not to the point of competition, you're seeing cuts to, you know, all the non core
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1288.8s	1288.8	 projects at these big companies. This is going to be great for startups, right? Like the idea that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1294.3s	1294.3	 Facebook could focus on, you know, a fourth, fifth, sixth thing is going to go away. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1299.9s	1299.9	 Well, look, you're right that great companies are built during downturns. PayPal was built largely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1304.9s	1304.9	 during the downturn. The startup I created, Yammer, was built largely during a downturn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1309.6s	1309.6	 So listen, there's going to be opportunities. Innovation doesn't stop just because we're in a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1313.6s	1313.6	 recession or depression. But I got to tell you, unlike Chamath, I'm having a hard time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1317.9s	1317.9	 finding a silver lining right now. Part of it is the comments that Druckenmiller just made,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1323.5s	1323.5	 and he's been right about this stuff. We've been talking about his predictions for over a year on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1327.2s	1327.2	 this podcast. He famously shorted the pound for George Soros. That was when he was first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1333.6s	1333.6	 getting started. But yeah, since then, he's one of the most successful macro traders in the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1339.3s	1339.3	 and universally respected, and I think deservedly so. Remember, he said that this was in mid 2021,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1346.7s	1346.7	 he said that the Fed was engaged in a radical monetary policy because even though we were
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1353.2s	1353.2	 starting to get inflation, it was around 5% then, that they were still engaged in this bond buying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1358.1s	1358.1	 program. They still bought like 160 billion of bonds, and he was the first one waving the alarm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1362.6s	1362.6	 bell saying, what are they doing? Now his predictions have come true. I mean, we're in an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1366.8s	1366.8	 inflationary spiral, and his prediction now is, his central outlook is that the Dow Jones will be in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1371.3s	1371.3	 the same place where it is today in 10 years. And he made the point that yes, equity markets do go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1378.0s	1378.0	 up in the long term, but how long term are you talking about? From roughly 1966 to 1982,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1383.3s	1383.3	 the stock market was sideways. Japan had a lost decade as well. This is not unprecedented
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1388.4s	1388.4	 after an asset bubble. Right. And then from the Great Depression, it took until 1955 for the stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1394.0s	1394.0	 market to recover. So in the long run, the stock market will go up, but it could be, we could have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1400.4s	1400.4	 a flat decade. This is his prediction, right? But he's a very smart guy. And then on top of that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1406.6s	1406.6	 that's not to say that you can't be one of the ones who make money during that period,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1410.1s	1410.1	 because lots of people do. But we're in for, I think, a very tough economic period because
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1416.6s	1416.6	 of just this radical expansionary fiscal monetary policy we've had. Basically, the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1423.2s	1423.2	 and the administration printed, the last two administrations, but especially this one,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1428.6s	1428.6	 printed $10 trillion over the last couple of years. And the handover from that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1432.9s	1432.9	 Just fact check on that, Sacks. Most of that was under Trump, but continue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1436.6s	1436.6	 No, it was not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1437.8s	1437.8	 100% of us. I'll pull it up in a second. But anyway, keep going.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1441.2s	1441.2	 We had, Biden basically kept digging this hole. We had the $2 trillion of American Rescue Plan,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1446.4s	1446.4	 which we didn't need. We just had another 2 trillion of the infrastructure bill, the inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1453.9s	1453.9	 reduction act.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1454.7s	1454.7	 500 billion for student debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1457.1s	1457.1	 Yeah, exactly. So Jason, what are you talking about? And this was all after the emergency was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1461.2s	1461.2	 over.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1461.6s	1461.6	 But I think that you guys are debating the wrong thing. I think that what Druckenmiller,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1466.2s	1466.2	 I think, by the way, just to be clear, both Druckenmiller and I can be right, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1471.8s	1471.8	 he's commenting on the real world economy going into a recession. What I'm saying is that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1476.6s	1476.6	 stock market tends to be 9 to 12 months ahead of where we are. Nick, throw up that chart, please,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1481.1s	1481.1	 that I asked you guys to share, just to give you guys a sense of what I mean by this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1484.5s	1484.5	 By the way, while you're doing that, Jamoth, Jason, look, I will agree with you that a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1487.7s	1487.7	 this-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1488.5s	1488.5	 I'm just pulling up, but he did 7.8 trillion. He's done more than Biden, but fine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1493.2s	1493.2	 A lot of the stimulus happened under Trump, you're right, because that's when basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1496.0s	1496.0	 COVID happened. Remember, in that Q2 of 2020 quarter, the economy shrank at a 30%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1501.2s	1501.2	 annualized rate. Everyone thought we were going into a great depression. And that's why they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1504.9s	1504.9	 passed all the stimulus by huge bipartisan margins.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1508.3s	1508.3	 Druckenmiller's best point is that this is all post-vaccine, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1511.7s	1511.7	 Yeah. So look, and I think we can definitely go back and second guess what happened during
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1517.4s	1517.4	 the Trump administration. There's an old saying that many of the worst ideas are bipartisan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1523.6s	1523.6	 The spending that happened in 2020 was clearly bipartisan and maybe it went way too far.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1528.8s	1528.8	 But in the last two years, like Druck said, it was post-vaccine, post-emergency,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1533.7s	1533.7	 and they kept spending. And not just the administration, it was the bond-buying program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1537.7s	1537.7	 of the Fed, where the economy was already fully back and they bought another 160 billion of bonds.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1543.0s	1543.0	 Yeah. I think the thing is that, I think Stan is a proven Republican, so maybe he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1550.8s	1550.8	 is speaking a little bit of his book as well. I think it's fair to say that both Trump and Biden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1555.4s	1555.4	 did not help, but overwhelmingly, I think where the problem stands is a central bank that was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1561.8s	1561.8	 the same through both of those administrations. And I think we should probably focus on them,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1566.2s	1566.2	 because you're right, what they did was excessive. And what they essentially said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1570.9s	1570.9	 is that if there is volatility beyond a certain amount and people cry uncle, we will not allow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1578.5s	1578.5	 the markets to sort themselves out in an orderly way, we will step in. And that's what, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1584.3s	1584.3	 again, what we just talked about, the central bank put, in this case, the Fed interventions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1588.3s	1588.3	 Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1588.8s	1588.8	 And these interventions really pervert a market because you don't know what's going on. And that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1593.3s	1593.3	 has huge ramifications in the real economy. So Nick, if you just throw up this chart,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1598.6s	1598.6	 the thing that is really important here and what this chart shows is essentially all of the hiking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1604.4s	1604.4	 cycles that we've gone through since 1983. So 83, 87, 94, 99, 04, 15 in the current one. And here's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1612.9s	1612.9	 what I just want to call out for you guys. What's incredible is that other than the one in 83, so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1619.1s	1619.1	 this is sort of like, you know, that last big one. What we've seen is that the stock market has a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1627.6s	1627.6	 tendency to immediately go to the conclusion very early on in a rate hiking cycle. And now why is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1636.3s	1636.3	 that important for normal folks listening to this thing? Well, the reason why that's important is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1641.0s	1641.0	 right now we're in month seven of a cycle, we obviously don't know how long it's going to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1646.4s	1646.4	 But the odds are improving every day that we're near the end versus the beginning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1654.0s	1654.0	 And why that's important is again, if you're thinking about when to, you know, buy equities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1659.6s	1659.6	 for example, this is a really instructive guide, because what it tells you is the closer we get to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1664.9s	1664.9	 the end, or more importantly, the closer we psychologically know that the end is coming,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1670.6s	1670.6	 we start buying. And that and that's just a broad based statement that has been true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1676.4s	1676.4	 So you know, what you see right now, I think is really interesting, which is that despite all the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1681.2s	1681.2	 bad information, oh, my gosh, the Nord Stream pipeline blew up, couldn't have been sabotage,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1687.3s	1687.3	 was it the CIA? Was it the Russians? Oh, my gosh, big tech is slowing spending and firing people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1693.8s	1693.8	 China's in a coup. I don't know if you saw that rumor. Yeah. How about something more benign,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1698.0s	1698.0	 you know, the the US, you know, us you want is really trading in a crazy way, the US euro is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1703.6s	1703.6	 trading in a crazy way, the US pound is going crazy. Despite all of that. Every time we trade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1710.4s	1710.4	 down, the market consolidates very quickly. And we sort of like so I think we're forming a bottom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1717.4s	1717.4	 I do think that Stan is right, we are going to see a hard landing recession, something will break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1723.2s	1723.2	 in 2023. I hope it doesn't. I hope it doesn't affect a lot of normal people. But it's likely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1729.1s	1729.1	 but at the same time, define hard landing. So I'll tell you in a second. But at the same time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1733.2s	1733.2	 I think what's happening is in the equity and financial markets, we are consolidating a bottom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1739.1s	1739.1	 because we're seeing through to that end state. And this is where cheap equity gets bought. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1744.6s	1744.6	 why is there a reason to sell now? I think a lot of the people that are selling the smart money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1749.8s	1749.8	 sellers that I talked to are essentially right now selling to book in capital losses to offset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1758.0s	1758.0	 other capital gains from this year, a term that's called tax loss harvesting. And so if you have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1762.4s	1762.4	 gains through this year, which some of us do, this is the great moment to just sell the losers to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1768.5s	1768.5	 book the loss to net it out so that you can minimize your taxes for next year. That's probably I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1773.5s	1773.5	 where we are at. And I think that's why they're still consolidated buying. So what is the hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1778.6s	1778.6	 landing Jason, if I had to predict, I think what David said is absolutely right, you're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1782.6s	1782.6	 see unemployment get to an awkward and uncomfortable number, 56%, I think could be something that we see.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1792.3s	1792.3	 And I think you're going to see a lot more companies pull way back on their spend,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1797.9s	1797.9	 because demand is going to really modulate. You know, I'll give you a crazy example.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1803.0s	1803.0	 You know, what happens to all the people in the United States that are on arm mortgages,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1807.4s	1807.4	 right, adjustable rate mortgages, when those things reset, they're going to reset to 300
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1813.5s	1813.5	 basis points higher, their monthly payments are going are going to go nuclear, it's already
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1817.5s	1817.5	 happened. I literally had a family member call me about this. And they were like, what do I do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1821.4s	1821.4	 So in the UK, in the UK, 40% of all mortgage dollars are interest only arms that will reset in January
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1834.0s	1834.0	 to around 4%. 40%. Can you imagine how upside down the UK economy is going to be when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1841.3s	1841.3	 people have to spend three and four times more to keep their home and then people have to go to work?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1845.8s	1845.8	 So people who have not been participating are going to have those bills come in and they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1849.4s	1849.4	 going to have to go to work. They're going to have to go to work. Yeah. So free bird, what do you what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1853.6s	1853.6	 do you think hard landing here? And then what do you think 2023 looks like in that regard?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1859.3s	1859.3	 It's just looking pretty bleak. Do you buy that we're bottoming out now as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1864.0s	1864.0	 Jamatha is sort of hypothesizing? I mean, I'll tell you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1869.2s	1869.2	 I was running some back of the envelope math. You know how much debt there is in the world?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1875.7s	1875.7	 Take a guess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1880.9s	1880.9	 200 couple hundred trillion. 200 trillion. About 300 trillion. Yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1888.8s	1888.8	 That's debt owed by governments, businesses, and households. And if in response to the inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1900.1s	1900.1	 which is response to fiscal stimulus, which is a response to the entire economy of the world,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1904.9s	1904.9	 shutting down for a couple of months, we end up raising rates from zero to 5%. That's 15 trillion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1915.2s	1915.2	 dollars of annual debt service, which is like 18% of global GDP. Like that the debt service alone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1926.7s	1926.7	 But what does that mean? That means that for every dollar transacted,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1931.6s	1931.6	 no means nothing. No, it means you have to. What does it mean? Like so what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1936.4s	1936.4	 So I'm saying that there's a massive squeeze that's going to happen. Right. And so what ends up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1940.9s	1940.9	 happening ultimately is because you could run this across local governments. I think it means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1946.3s	1946.3	 demand destruction. I mean, sovereign debt, households. Yeah. I'll tell you. I'll tell you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1953.0s	1953.0	 at your mouth what it means. I'm sorry to pop your bubble, but it means nothing. And I'll tell you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1956.8s	1956.8	 why these people keep like you can print more money. You print more money. I'm sorry to be the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1961.1s	1961.1	 bearer of bad news, but like it is not as if we have a law, a constitutional law, or it's not as
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1967.1s	1967.1	 if governments have collectively decided that you cannot have debt to GDP above a certain number.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1973.4s	1973.4	 That doesn't happen, guys. We passed 100 under Obama, and we've just kept printing money. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1979.2s	1979.2	 whether we like it or not, and I'm not saying I'm a fan of this or it's right.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1982.9s	1982.9	 We are kicking the can down the road. And what we're doing is we're extending the maturities.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1988.5s	1988.5	 You'll eventually have 100 year government bonds. Okay. Just like you have like now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1994.0s	1994.0	 multi-decade long corporate bonds. We missed a chance for that. We missed it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=1999.6s	1999.6	 because Brilliant Yellen actually said no to that. When rates were like near zero,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2004.7s	2004.7	 and we had the opportunity to refinance the US government debt using long-term rates,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2009.2s	2009.2	 basically long-term bonds. And actually it was Trump who, crazy Trump who suggested let's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2013.6s	2013.6	 basically shift the debt to 100 year bonds. And she said no. She thought it was devalued a dollar,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2018.4s	2018.4	 right? So the problem is that we have all this short-term debt. And look at what just happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2024.4s	2024.4	 in the UK when Liz Trust tried to prop up the bond rates by basically intervening. She was basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2031.5s	2031.5	 an inflationary policy to fight inflation. The markets puked all over that. And that's when
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2036.4s	2036.4	 they're the pound hit, you know, exactly. There's only so you have to have a buyer of the debt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2042.9s	2042.9	 Right. I think the Liz Trust thing is really actually a microcosm of how unfortunately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2047.5s	2047.5	 Western governments are working. But I think there's a silver lining. Like she basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2051.2s	2051.2	 came in a day after she got elected and said, Okay, guess what, guys, at the same time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2055.4s	2055.4	 I'm going to massively cut taxes, and I'm going to give you fiscal stimulus, I'm going to cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2060.0s	2060.0	 your energy bills, and I'm going to have these huge transfer payments from the government into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2064.1s	2064.1	 the hands of British citizens. I'm not going to comment on whether that's right or right, right or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2069.8s	2069.8	 wrong. But the financial markets to your point, David, absolutely hated it. And within a few days,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2076.8s	2076.8	 you basically saw the pound get crushed. But then what did you see? You saw the Bank of England
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2082.7s	2082.7	 decide that financial stability was more important than financial viability, meaning the things that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2088.3s	2088.3	 she wanted to do were not viable. So you could have let the financial markets sort this out,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2093.5s	2093.5	 which would have forced the Prime Minister to basically abandon the policy. But instead,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2098.8s	2098.8	 the BoE said, Now, we're an unlimited buyer of UK guilts, which is the name of the UK bond. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2105.3s	2105.3	 everything snapped back, we're back to where we were before her speech and before the Chancellor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2109.6s	2109.6	 of the Exchequer speech. And so it's as if nothing happened. And that's what's so insane to me,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2114.7s	2114.7	 which is that even though the Bank of England, by the way, in the next week or two are going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2118.3s	2118.3	 raise rates 140 basis points, 140 basis points, almost double what the Fed has done the last three
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2124.4s	2124.4	 times. They're doing both at the same time, they're both raising rates, and they're acting as a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2130.4s	2130.4	 backstop for bad policy. And this is what's wrong right now in the world, we do not have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2135.5s	2135.5	 real check and balance. So my point to Friedberg is just that I'm like emotionally on your side.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2142.7s	2142.7	 But the problem is, with these folks keep getting bailed out, David, they're just going to keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2146.9s	2146.9	 doing this stuff. And there's no end in sight. Well, the end the consumer doesn't get bailed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2150.7s	2150.7	 out. So that if you look at it on a micro basis, instead of a macro basis, you're correct, these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2154.3s	2154.3	 governments will just bail people out, even if they make bad decisions, as we're seeing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2157.9s	2157.9	 But then the person whose variable interest mortgage just kicked in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2162.2s	2162.2	 has $500 less a month in savings. So they're now not going to buy an iPhone 14. They're not going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2167.3s	2167.3	 to upgrade their car every six years, they're going to do it every eight years. So the demand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2172.3s	2172.3	 destruction that's happening is going to be quite severe. And that's going to reduce money, that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2176.8s	2176.8	 going to be monetary velocity. And then we restart. Mark my words, the Federal Reserve will intervene.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2183.2s	2183.2	 This is why I think we're in a bottoming process. I think the the bleeding edge of the smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2188.2s	2188.2	 financial actors are actually on Sachs's side and Friedberg's side. But then they're taking that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2194.6s	2194.6	 next intellectual leap and saying, Okay, well, what happens when Apple basically says, Hey, guys,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2199.2s	2199.2	 I'm gonna have to fire 15% of my employees. I think what happens is the Fed intervenes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2204.0s	2204.0	 And I'm just using Apple as an example. But there is a threshold of demand destruction, Jason,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2208.8s	2208.8	 I think you're right, where we have the Fed put come back on the table and the markets just go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2213.2s	2213.2	 bonkers. So instead of doing 75 base points, two or three times, they're just gonna be like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2216.6s	2216.6	 you know, 50. Well, slow it down. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, they're gonna they're gonna get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2220.4s	2220.4	 to four and a half very quickly. And then this something's gonna break, like all these guys are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2225.7s	2225.7	 saying, I think they're right. And then the Fed put comes back on the table. And we'll have this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2230.4s	2230.4	 we'll have the UK, you know, the UK thing happened in what six days. Ours will play out over six or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2236.7s	2236.7	 nine months. But it's gonna play out the exact same way. And free brooks, right, you know, we
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2241.7s	2241.7	 should have capped debt at, you know, 100% of GDP or less. And Sachs is right, we should have issued
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2246.9s	2246.9	 100 year bonds and zero rates when we had the chance. We didn't do either of those things so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2251.3s	2251.3	 incompetent, Sachs. I mean, there was no need to have rates this low for that long. And maybe they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2257.3s	2257.3	 could just keep them at some average number instead of going down to zero, or that spiking back up and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2262.0s	2262.0	 just steering, you know, spinning the steering wheel, you know, so violently, why don't we have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2267.6s	2267.6	 some basic concept of maybe not having zero rates and keeping them at 2% or something reasonable,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2273.7s	2273.7	 so you have some dry powder? Well, if you go back and listen to what the Fed said, and Druck makes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2278.8s	2278.8	 this point, they were all worried that they got there was an inflation print a few years ago,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2282.5s	2282.5	 whereas at 1.7%. And they all started panicking about not being at 2%. So for a point 3% move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2289.9s	2289.9	 that they tried to engineer, they opened the floodgates. Okay, and that's basically what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2294.0s	2294.0	 happened. And that's why he's so critical of it. The other thing is the Fed member, the Fed said,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2298.4s	2298.4	 we're going to be data driven. But then the data came in last summer, we got that surprise 5.1%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2304.6s	2304.6	 print, and they dismissed it as transitory. So they said they're going to be data driven,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2308.9s	2308.9	 but they weren't they they were dismissive. Now, on what basis did they conclude transitory? Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2316.1s	2316.1	 what was the proof for that? There was no proof. That was a political consideration.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2320.4s	2320.4	 The administration and Yellen, this big part of that immediately reacted to basically downplay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2325.9s	2325.9	 the news. I mean, they PR did. I mean, they didn't want to admit that there was a problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2330.4s	2330.4	 They went from transitory to this is permanent to now six months, but during and now we're at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2336.0s	2336.0	 hard landing. Like, these people are not competent. Are they just not competent? No,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2340.2s	2340.2	 I think they're really I think they are competent. But I think that they're a little bit fighting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2344.4s	2344.4	 with one hand tied behind their back. I think if you had to take the other side, Saks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2348.6s	2348.6	 you know, the problem is they have a very specific strain of data that they focus on.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2353.9s	2353.9	 And that data has all these weird anomalies to it. Like, you know, they should look at rent data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2359.9s	2359.9	 But the way that the rent data works is that, you know, you bleed it in one sixth a month over six
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2366.0s	2366.0	 months, just as an odd example, or like use car data only comes in a certain way. So I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2371.7s	2371.7	 they're driving in the review mirror. I think there is something to that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2374.0s	2374.0	 I think it's simpler than this, which is listen, I think all politicians do this,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2377.4s	2377.4	 which is when they get bad news, they want to spin it. And they're going to delay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2381.3s	2381.3	 acknowledging the bad news as long as possible. So what happened last summer when this inflation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2386.3s	2386.3	 started, they all dismissed it, it was all a talking point. I mean, every single one of them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2390.4s	2390.4	 And here's the crazy thing is Jay Powell. He's the only Trump official who got reappointed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2395.5s	2395.5	 by Biden by a huge majority. How do you think that happened? And when did it happen? It happened at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2401.4s	2401.4	 the end of May last summer. So just when this inflation print came out and yell in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2406.8s	2406.8	 administration, we're saying it was transitory. That's when Powell was up for renomination.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2411.7s	2411.7	 And he swept through the only Trump appointment to basically be renominated without even a question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2417.2s	2417.2	 by Biden. Why? Because he got on board the talking points. He wasn't going to basically buck them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2422.8s	2422.8	 at that time. So he waited six months. He bought into the talking points. That was 100% political.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2428.4s	2428.4	 100%. I told you I read Paul. It's a very compelling argument.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2432.1s	2432.1	 I read the fair. It's really compelling. It's really, it's sad, but compelling.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2436.8s	2436.8	 Sachs, you should read the Paul Volcker book, Keeping At It. He basically says Reagan came to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2441.8s	2441.8	 him offsite where they knew they weren't being recorded and told them do not raise rates. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2446.3s	2446.3	 this idea that the Fed is independent, like history now has shown us it is not like the there is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2452.5s	2452.5	 massive political pressure on them. I think especially at the time driving in the review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2457.4s	2457.4	 mirror clearly that the data they have is not great. And then all this data is nuanced.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2462.1s	2462.1	 You know, jobs and this massive amount of jobs we've had in this country is because of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2466.5s	2466.5	 we have a new immigration policy. We don't let people into this country. We kick out PhDs that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2470.0s	2470.0	 we trained and then housing. We have I buyers buying this. So to your point, Jamof, I think a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2474.7s	2474.7	 lot of the data has changed and they're they've got a bad data set. They have a bad dashboard and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2480.1s	2480.1	 they're driving with bad information. They don't know their direction. They don't know their speed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2484.0s	2484.0	 perfectly. You want more fidelity on the data. You're right. If you went to a board of directors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2488.1s	2488.1	 meeting for your company and said, How's the business doing? And the CEO says, Well, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2493.3s	2493.3	 well, we're going to have data from six months ago. And it's like, Okay, I got that. But what about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2498.0s	2498.0	 like last week, you would fire that CEO to your point, Jason. And these things are knowable today,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2505.4s	2505.4	 like there are businesses, for example, that are selling billions of dollars worth of like IoT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2510.6s	2510.6	 sensors here and there energy sensors here, everything is connected to the internet,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2515.2s	2515.2	 everything is automated, everything is running in code. You would think that the government would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2520.4s	2520.4	 say there's a national level directive here to get this into some kind of a system that we can use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2526.0s	2526.0	 because these decisions are becoming more and more important. I think that would be a wonderful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2531.2s	2531.2	 idea and a project and would had huge value. A Manhattan project for understanding the economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2537.2s	2537.2	 on a very granular level, we you invested in a startup at one point, I remember I heard the pitch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2541.7s	2541.7	 where they had people around the world taking pictures of food prices, Africa, India, the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2547.2s	2547.2	 United States anywhere, and then putting them into a database normalizing them. So you could
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2551.2s	2551.2	 know the price of tomatoes or potatoes on a global basis, you know, and normalizing all that data,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2556.3s	2556.3	 they don't seem to have this data there. They're talking about August data. And it's, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2560.8s	2560.8	 we're now in October. It's a really odd situation. I think, you know, our friend,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2566.0s	2566.0	 Brad Gerstner made this point, which was that, look, in this last FOMC meeting, the Fed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2572.5s	2572.5	 raised their forecast for what the neutral interest rate would be from three and a half to 4.6%. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2578.6s	2578.6	 in two months, they raised their forecast by over 100 basis points. What is that based on? Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2583.4s	2583.4	 is there a model? I assume there is a model. I assume there's data. So why don't they just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2587.2s	2587.2	 open source that? Why don't they let the markets, like, see the model they're using so we have a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2592.8s	2592.8	 little more predictability? Of course, they always have the discretion to buck it or not follow it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2597.3s	2597.3	 or whatever or change it. But like, you know, wouldn't that be a better approach is to like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2602.2s	2602.2	 let us see the data and the models in real time as it's happening. And then the community,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2607.5s	2607.5	 like an open source project could actually, like, fork the model and actually create like better ones.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2613.4s	2613.4	 Well, to your point, to your point, like there's the Fed is actually known as the gold standard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2618.4s	2618.4	 of transparency. So the IMF has kind of like a view on how all these central banks act. Last week,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2624.0s	2624.0	 they actually excoriated and this is good. This is hurts me to say Canada,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2631.2s	2631.2	 because of their lack of transparency, apparently Canada doesn't even put out minutes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2635.2s	2635.2	 And so they're like, Hey, Canada, you you guys like, you know, look, Canadians are I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2641.0s	2641.0	 the Canadian government, at least like total moral virtue signalers, but they don't value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2644.9s	2644.9	 transparency, apparently. But to your point, David, there is a lot of opacity in these things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2652.0s	2652.0	 that really determine how the real world works and the impacts to individual people are going to go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2657.7s	2657.7	 and get ratcheted way up and nobody really knows what to expect, even though the data is there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2663.6s	2663.6	 sitting in plain sight. I think two things can be true. I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2668.0s	2668.0	 the Fed, the process of setting central bank rates by the Federal Reserve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2679.0s	2679.0	 should be reset. I also think that it could be true that the Fed is not responsible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2685.0s	2685.0	 fully for a lot of the conditions we're now facing. We did have a bunch of policy decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2691.3s	2691.3	 that the whole world got swept up in and seem to accept as appropriate at the time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2696.8s	2696.8	 when we shut the global economy down. And there was some weird assumption or belief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2703.2s	2703.2	 that fiscal policy would allow us to soft land or recover out of that. And at the end of the day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2709.4s	2709.4	 all that fiscal policy did, and I remember I was speaking with a smart person at the time and he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2716.6s	2716.6	 said, all the Fed's going to do is they're just going to inflate everything, and it's going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2720.6s	2720.6	 take a while and everything will inflate and that way everyone will feel good for a while.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2723.9s	2723.9	 But you can't just stop the spigot of capital moving, goods moving and services moving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2728.7s	2728.7	 for months on end and assume that the repercussions will not actually be felt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2732.8s	2732.8	 extremely harshly. And at some point, things are going to come home to roost.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2736.9s	2736.9	 And that is what's happening. There was no winning solution for the Fed or for any central banker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2744.2s	2744.2	 in light of the policy decisions that were made to shut the global economy down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2748.5s	2748.5	 when COVID began. Not to argue whether or not that was appropriate, but that was simply a statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2753.0s	2753.0	 of fact. I said it before, and I don't understand if you were to take a first principal's point of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2758.1s	2758.1	 view on this today and say, hey, let's create a central bank and how should it operate?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2761.9s	2761.9	 You would take all the data from Intuit, from PayPal, from Visa, from MasterCard, from the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2767.1s	2767.1	 internet. You would take all of that data. You would let the algorithms or the AI or the software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2773.1s	2773.1	 figure out what is most predictive of certain inflationary, recessionary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2778.2s	2778.2	 Totally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2779.3s	2779.3	 And growth indicators.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2780.9s	2780.9	 Totally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2782.0s	2782.0	 And you would basically say, look, X percent growth, X percent inflation,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2786.1s	2786.1	 solve for what the central bank's interest rate should be. And it should vary at a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2790.4s	2790.4	 hundredths of a percent or a basis point every day. And every day the rate is reset and the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2796.4s	2796.4	 software resets it. And to have some degree of human logic or oversight seems appropriate, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2802.6s	2802.6	 to have a decision made in quarter percent increments once every couple of weeks seems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2808.8s	2808.8	 kind of arcane. So I think both things are true. The Fed isn't necessarily fully responsible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2813.1s	2813.1	 We all want to point fingers. We can point fingers at the mania that swept over the entire world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2820.9s	2820.9	 When we started our podcast and everyone was like, what the hell is going on? Why are we locking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2825.1s	2825.1	 down the world? And this is nuts. And it felt nuts. And the response may or may not have been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2829.6s	2829.6	 appropriate. But at the end of the day, there was a cost and the cost is going to be born for very
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2834.4s	2834.4	 likely a decade or more if we are able to get through it all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2837.6s	2837.6	 A lost decade is a possibility.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2839.8s	2839.8	 And central banks should be rewritten. So yeah.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2841.8s	2841.8	 Well, I think there's actually two original sins of the economic crisis we're in. One is lockdowns.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2846.1s	2846.1	 You're right. That was a fiasco. It didn't do anything to stop COVID. It was an economic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2851.6s	2851.6	 disaster. And then we overreacted to lockdowns by then printing all of this money, both fiscally and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2857.6s	2857.6	 through expansionist monetary policy. So Freeberg is right about that. But I think the other original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2862.8s	2862.8	 sin here is the QE and the ZERP, the zero interest rate policy that began in 2008,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2869.5s	2869.5	 2009. We broke the glass in case of emergency. And then it just became standard. It was on autopilot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2876.2s	2876.2	 Why did we keep printing? Why did the government keep buying bonds?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2879.4s	2879.4	 It was a long tail event that became the meme.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2881.6s	2881.6	 This is the problem. It's that every time government-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2884.5s	2884.5	 ZERP is a bad idea. I mean, it's just-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2886.4s	2886.4	 Yeah. Milton Freeman once said, there's nothing quite so permanent as a temporary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2889.7s	2889.7	 government program. How many times have we seen this? Every time the government's supposed to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2893.6s	2893.6	 do something on a one-off emergency basis like ZERP, it ends up becoming institutionalized.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2898.0s	2898.0	 We still have kids in schools in California wearing masks. I mean, it's the same crazy thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2903.4s	2903.4	 that people cannot get off these programs. The thing about ZERP, which if you look back,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2908.7s	2908.7	 what really happened if you think about how people live their lives every day,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2912.9s	2912.9	 what has happened in our view of government and politicians? It's really eroded since 2007,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2918.7s	2918.7	 2008. There's huge amounts of rancor. Nobody gets along. Everything tends to happen on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2924.3s	2924.3	 partisan lines. And the reason I think that that was allowed to happen or that accelerated is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2930.4s	2930.4	 actually because of ZERP. Because if you think about it, if you had failed policy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2935.7s	2935.7	 and the economy was completely broken, politicians would actually have to get together and try to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2941.2s	2941.2	 solve the problem themselves. And the last time they really did that was actually in the great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2946.2s	2946.2	 financial crisis. If you look at TARP and if you look at how all of these smart people actually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2951.1s	2951.1	 had to get together in a bipartisan way to figure out how do we bail out America and prevent a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2956.3s	2956.3	 banking crisis, that was the last real effort that touched a lot of people. But then David,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2962.0s	2962.0	 as you said, on the heels of that, we broke the glass and we've been fighting ever since.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2967.3s	2967.3	 And the peak of that fighting was basically Donald Trump getting elected. And so I think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2972.4s	2972.4	 what it shows is that if you have these irrational central bankers that will are that are willing to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2978.3s	2978.3	 constantly bail people out, you will never get a high functioning government because policy is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2983.3s	2983.3	 irrelevant. Good policy doesn't matter. I think we're policy doesn't matter. If any of it goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2989.0s	2989.0	 wrong, the central banker will come in and bail us out. Well, and the second and third order impact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=2994.9s	2994.9	 of these is can become quite acute. And just for people who heard the word ZERP, like three times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3000.3s	3000.3	 zero interest rate policy, basically keeping interest rates very low, very dangerous to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3005.0s	3005.0	 because you get shit like this, like look at the number of unemployed people per job opening. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3011.2s	3011.2	 if you just look at this, like ratio, this is the number of jobs per unemployed person, it gets way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3017.3s	3017.3	 out of whack. And then if you look at this other chart, just in terms of the total number of job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3021.4s	3021.4	 openings, you know, we started, we talked about this earlier in the pod, hitting 11 million to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3026.0s	3026.0	 burn that office crazy, then what happens if you have too many jobs, you don't let immigration,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3030.8s	3030.8	 you don't have a functioning immigration policy. Well, then you get this great,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3036.6s	3036.6	 you know, people quitting their jobs, quiet quitting, and then the boomers saw their
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3044.0s	3044.0	 net worth go up so high because of their retirement accounts, because of the stock market boom,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3048.1s	3048.1	 and because of the housing boom, you had all these rich parents now who are bailing out their kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3053.2s	3053.2	 who refuse to go to work and labor participation goes from 70% down to 62%. These are the unintended
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3058.3s	3058.3	 consequences observed that, you know, now, how do you get a generation to go back to work,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3063.8s	3063.8	 if their parents have, you know, a $2 million home, and 3 million in stocks or a million dollar home,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3069.0s	3069.0	 you have to break the economy. Yeah, that's what they're doing now. They're like, we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3072.9s	3072.9	 break this, we're going to we're going to get Google and Apple who have unlimited cash to do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3078.2s	3078.2	 a riff. Those companies don't need to do a riff, they're doing it because they have no choice now,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3084.0s	3084.0	 because they want to break the economy so hard. Boomers have 71 trillion in assets over March.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3089.6s	3089.6	 I mean, the wealth transfer that's going to occur between these two generations is crazy. Why would
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3093.6s	3093.6	 any US millennial with a boomer parent even go to work if they've got a million US boomers have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3099.3s	3099.3	 $71 trillion in assets is how you said? Yeah, that's the number I have here. So an entire turn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3104.7s	3104.7	 of global GDP in savings. That's about one seventh of the world's total assets. It's just a lot of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3110.5s	3110.5	 locked up well. And this monetary policy was done by boomers 70 trillion controlled by 76.4 million
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3119.6s	3119.6	 people. Yeah. So if you want to really talk about the, you know, the rich, in a global context,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3126.4s	3126.4	 the rich are very specifically us boomers. Yeah, that's one seventh of the world's one seventh of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3132.9s	3132.9	 the world's assets is controlled by 76 million people. How much of it is their homes? I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3139.6s	3139.6	 they were at Woodstock, they, you know, they live the best life in the best times they enjoyed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3145.2s	3145.2	 the most of the peace dividend in the 80s and the 90s and the 2000s.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3149.2s	3149.2	 They are the ones that control everything. It's pretty crazy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3157.2s	3157.2	 It's I think it's less like Jeff Bezos and Gates and Musk. It's boomers. If you want to go and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3164.6s	3164.6	 really zoom out and get it right, it is boomers. It's 1% of the global population that controls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3170.8s	3170.8	 one seventh of the global wealth. And they're all in the US boomers hiding in plain sight,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3176.5s	3176.5	 us boomers. There you are. Well, once these housing prices decline in the stock market declines,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3181.7s	3181.7	 that number is going to shift. And that really is what's fundamentally happening with the fiscal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3185.5s	3185.5	 policy and the effects it's happening today. It's having today, which is a redistribution of that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3190.9s	3190.9	 value because we're basically deflating all those assets. Now we're default, we're going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3195.4s	3195.4	 deflate the average boomer was assets and we're going to deflate real estate assets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3199.4s	3199.4	 I mean, if you just do the math on that back of the envelope, these boomers are worth a billion,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3203.0s	3203.0	 a million dollars each. Like, think about that. Like every boomer is worth 900k, a million,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3208.5s	3208.5	 something in that range, 1.2 million. I mean, it's bonkers. That's the average.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3216.0s	3216.0	 That's how much wealth they have bonkers. You you you two are a boomer, J.K.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3220.8s	3220.8	 No, we're Jax. We're Gen X. We had the worst. We had the we had like we got really shafted.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3226.8s	3226.8	 It's like we you know, we grew up with flannel. We we had to look at Alanis Morissette, Alanis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3231.3s	3231.3	 Morissette. Hold on. She's Canadian. So hold on. I'll be a Nirvana, Smashing Pumpkins. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3235.6s	3235.6	 I thought it was dope. I agree. I agree. 93 was probably the best year ever for music. Smashing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3240.2s	3240.2	 Pumpkins ever did it for me. Billy Corgan's voice was always like, ah, yeah, it's great. Really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3244.2s	3244.2	 annoying. Rage against the machine. Can we do a quick shout out for Coolio? Sad to hear that he
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3249.6s	3249.6	 passed. We're here for you. Yeah, I mean, it was really sad. The guy was how old was he? 57?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3255.8s	3255.8	 Were you a big fan of Coolio's? I love Coolio. I grew up in the 90s. His Coolio story from the pod
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3261.7s	3261.7	 when he said gangsters paradise. I feel you. Yeah. And then when I saw him at Saks birthday last year,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3268.3s	3268.3	 I was like, dude, I love Coolio. I mean, I cannot tell you what a big fan I am. What was the line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3274.0s	3274.0	 you said to him? You said, I feel you. I said, I appreciate you in his ear. I appreciate you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3280.2s	3280.2	 We fly down for the birthday. They shuttle you on the cars from the plane to the house.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3287.2s	3287.2	 We get to the house and we're all waiting. Of course, Saks is late, two and a half hours to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3291.3s	3291.3	 his own party. We're all hanging out starving, but then we go into the party and then they have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3296.8s	3296.8	 Coolio shows up. So we're sitting down at dinner for course two. All of a sudden,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3301.9s	3301.9	 pop comes out of the woodwork Coolio. I lose my shit. I run up on the cool fan, the dance floor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3309.2s	3309.2	 I grew up cool. Like it's like high school jams, man. I mean, that's like in the car cruising.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3314.1s	3314.1	 And at this point, I'm like seven tequila, watermelon tequilas in. So I'm like, oh my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3322.4s	3322.4	 dance floor, you know, jamming up to Coolio. I think Coolio thought I was Saks, you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3328.0s	3328.0	 because he's like, yeah, he's like, oh, two South African Jews. You guys all look the same.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3331.7s	3331.7	 Coolio comes up, starts high fiving me and hugging me. And I'm like, what's up Coolio? Oh my god,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3336.4s	3336.4	 this is like a dream come true. He's like hugging me. His face is right next to my face. I didn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3340.9s	3340.9	 know what to say. And I like, I'm, I'm, I've had a little bit of tequila and I whisper in Coolio's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3346.2s	3346.2	 ear. I'm like, I appreciate, I appreciate you. I didn't know what to say.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3358.0s	3358.0	 Oh my god. I think I saw Freberg throw his panties on stage too at one point. You are such a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3366.6s	3366.6	 wuss. What a nerd. I didn't know what to say. I mean, what do you say when Coolio's face is in your face?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3371.2s	3371.2	 Clearly you don't know what to say. Yeah. My team, my, my team and TPP, they had a,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3376.7s	3376.7	 they had a cameo made for me that Coolio sent in. It was super heartfelt and awesome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3381.6s	3381.6	 Saks posted it on the internet, I think. Yeah. I retweeted it. Yeah, retweeted it. And it was,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3386.2s	3386.2	 uh, I don't know, man. It was, uh, he was, he was actually a super nice guy, great guy. And
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3391.9s	3391.9	 it was super sad. Yo, Dave. It's your friendly neighborhood Coolio, bro. I'm out here on the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3399.1s	3399.1	 golf course thinking about you. I appreciate you, man. So I want to wish you a very, very,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3406.0s	3406.0	 very happy birthday, man. You feel me? I want you to drink good. I want you to smoke good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3413.1s	3413.1	 I want you to eat good. I want you to have some fun, bro. Go big, do it right. Yo,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3420.4s	3420.4	 Dave, happy birthday, man, from Coolio. Shaka zoom, man. Well, all the stories are coming out now and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3426.5s	3426.5	 not your experience was not unique. He touched everybody he met literally. He's college kids,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3432.4s	3432.4	 very genuine, very kind, like super, super friendly and like, you know, and like wanted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3438.7s	3438.7	 to ask about you. I mean, it's like a very, like, I could have been a politician if he didn't become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3444.4s	3444.4	 a music superstar. He looked incredible. He looked like he was 25. I mean, he literally went to these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3453.2s	3453.2	 college kids met him. He went back to their like, you know, uh, frat house. He cooked them dinner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3459.2s	3459.2	 and then he got a guitar out with them and he sang gangster paradise with them. And he like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3464.1s	3464.1	 orchestrated it with the crowd singing whatever he was. Then there was a video of him in Dublin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3469.8s	3469.8	 on the bar singing. Can I just say something to I've given the message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3476.4s	3476.4	 before? Yeah, before but like, you know, take care of your health. Yeah, take care. Like,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3481.6s	3481.6	 there there there are these incredible drugs. I just want to call out health as well. If
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3487.2s	3487.2	 Lipitor, for example, or Crestor or these statins are not working for you. There's this next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3492.8s	3492.8	 generation kind of drug called the PCSK nine inhibitor, which essentially is effectively a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3499.1s	3499.1	 gene therapy that's modeled after this very specific group of folks in the Nordics, I believe,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3504.2s	3504.2	 who actually have effectively immunity against heart disease. And so it's taken 20 years to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3509.1s	3509.1	 refine this drug, but this drug is a wonder drug. And you know, there are versions of it now that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3513.1s	3513.1	 are injectable, you know, once every six months or whatever. So go and ask your doctor if you're not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3518.4s	3518.4	 if statins don't work for you look at the PCSK nine inhibitor, and then separately after your 45
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3524.2s	3524.2	 or so you should get a CT angiogram. Because these things are really important or you know,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3531.7s	3531.7	 a heart flow where they actually inject a dye, they characterize all your veins, they give you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3537.6s	3537.6	 a calcium score may not prevent this, but at least if it's if it's something cardiac related, you can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3544.1s	3544.1	 get to the bottom of it. And it's a knowable thing nowadays. Yeah, rest in power to our friend and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3552.4s	3552.4	 yeah, take care of yourselves, your health. And speaking of health, shout out to Gwyneth Paltrow,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3557.7s	3557.7	 GPAL, who in her group newsletter pointed out that she loves the all in pod and has to be honest,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3567.2s	3567.2	 she's obsessed with the personalities a little bit. Anybody want to handicap that? Listen,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3572.5s	3572.5	 let's be honest. One doctor, not you, if that's what you're trying to say, I've met her actually,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3577.5s	3577.5	 I've met doctors say, she's a delightful if you want to if you want to live in health after a meal,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3582.0s	3582.0	 the best thing to eat is a little dark chocolate. Do you get your dark chocolate from goop? Do you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3588.0s	3588.0	 have goop dark chocolate? Jason, I was trying to make a story where I am the dark chocolate,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3592.1s	3592.1	 where I'm saying that I am her favorite personality, you fucking moron. So you're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3596.6s	3596.6	 handicapping that you're her favorite. She said she's obsessed with know, he's plural, I'm gonna,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3601.4s	3601.4	 what does she rank her besties I need to know? I'm gonna rank as Friedberg. Oh, really? You think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3607.2s	3607.2	 she's a free person? That makes that sound? Yeah. Okay. Then me then you. Okay, I'll take it. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3613.8s	3613.8	 fact that Gwyneth Paltrow even understands like who we are is a win in my book. So I'll be number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3619.7s	3619.7	 four on her list. But GPAL, if you could rank the besties in your next newsletter, that would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3624.5s	3624.5	 appreciated. And we'll take rank your besties, Gwyneth Paltrow, GPAL. All right, Saks, you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3632.4s	3632.4	 some red meat? You I saw you wrote a piece. You want your red meat? Should we throw it to you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3637.2s	3637.2	 Yeah, yeah. All right. Well, I mean, I think we need a Ukraine update because I mean, we're talking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3642.6s	3642.6	 about all the reasons that there could be a silver lining or the markets bottomed out. I don't think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3647.4s	3647.4	 you can know for sure the markets are gonna bottom out unless you know that there's going to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3652.5s	3652.5	 successful resolution of this Ukraine war, at least a non escalation of it. And all the things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3658.5s	3658.5	 that have happened in the last couple of weeks have been on the road towards escalation. Exactly. So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3663.7s	3663.7	 in the last like just few days, you've had Zelensky saying that they want to be admitted to NATO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3669.0s	3669.0	 You've got Putin basically annexing or saying he's going to annex the Donbass. And somebody,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3674.5s	3674.5	 we don't know who, but according to Radek Sikorski, who's the Polish foreign minister,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3678.8s	3678.8	 he thanked the US, somebody blew up the Nord pipeline. So what is the common denominator?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3684.3s	3684.3	 Which Nord did they say was blown up? Was it one or two? Was this a new one?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3687.8s	3687.8	 I think it's Nord one. So it's the one that was actually like working. What is the common
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3692.7s	3692.7	 denominator of all these things? They're all eliminating key elements of what a peace deal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3697.3s	3697.3	 would look like. So everyone understands that a peace deal would require Zelensky to give up on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3703.7s	3703.7	 NATO. It would require Putin to make some compromises, likely in the Donbass. And it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3710.8s	3710.8	 would require the sanctions to be lifted and the energy flows to be turned back on. Well,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3716.1s	3716.1	 so now those things basically have been removed from the table, or at least potentially that's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3720.4s	3720.4	 what's happening. So I don't see how you're going to get a peace deal now. And so if you remove all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3727.0s	3727.0	 the off ramps, what's left? Escalation. Well, it seems to me this thing is just going to keep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3731.8s	3731.8	 escalating. I thought you wrote a good piece in the American conservative should America go all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3735.7s	3735.7	 in on Ukraine. If you haven't read it, it is 80% of rehash of what we've talked about here for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3741.4s	3741.4	 last year. But there's 20% new in it, I think. And I thought what was interesting, in terms of new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3747.9s	3747.9	 stuff you put in the piece, and it's a good summary of, you know, poker strategy versus what's going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3752.0s	3752.0	 on here, is that we've already proven, you know, if you did want to prove that Russia is not a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3758.3s	3758.3	 threat, with the exception of their nuclear, we now have proven that they're really not going to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3763.3s	3763.3	 be able to do a domino and go into all these different countries, with the exception of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3767.2s	3767.2	 obviously the threat of nuclear power. So I thought that was a point. Yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3772.0s	3772.0	 what I was really responding to in that piece is the assertion by the media that Putin is bluffing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3777.6s	3777.6	 How do they know that? How do they know that? Like, you know, I think all of us understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3782.6s	3782.6	 poker pretty well, and none of us ever would have the confidence to assert that we know exactly what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3790.2s	3790.2	 cards our opponent holds in any given hand and how exactly they'll play them. What do we do? What do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3796.1s	3796.1	 smart players do? We put our opponent on a range, a range of possible hands, of possibilities,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3802.7s	3802.7	 and then we evaluate what did their previous actions tell us? What story are they telling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3808.4s	3808.4	 through their previous actions? Well, what story has Putin been telling? This is not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3813.0s	3813.0	 a guy who bluffs, in my opinion, or at least that is not the story.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3816.5s	3816.5	 So you think there's a chance he would pop off a tactical nuke? It's a non-zero chance, obviously.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3821.0s	3821.0	 I think that if his life is on the line, he is incentivized to use every weapon at his disposal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3828.5s	3828.5	 to try and prevent his violent overthrow. Well, his life isn't on the line here. He can back out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3832.8s	3832.8	 Yeah, but where's this thing headed if there's no compromise?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3835.5s	3835.5	 I think they, you know, I'm going to stick with my original prediction that we wanted to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3840.3s	3840.3	 ankle Putin. We wanted to prove he didn't have, you know, as much strength as he did,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3844.1s	3844.1	 and we wanted to exhaust his resources so we could finally, basically, get him out of office
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3849.9s	3849.9	 at some point. So I do think regime change via exhausting him. And I think it seems to have worked.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3854.4s	3854.4	 We have exhausted him. Now is he dangerous? Well, then you're agreeing with me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3856.6s	3856.6	 You're agreeing with me. I agree that we have exhausted his, I mean, he's proven he can't fight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3862.5s	3862.5	 a ground war, right? I mean, that's a pretty- Well, no, he's escalating now. He's escalating.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3866.8s	3866.8	 You think he's just going to roll over? He's not going to roll over. He's going to escalate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3869.5s	3869.5	 No, I didn't say that. I think he, but I think what we've proven, haven't we, is that he can't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3873.2s	3873.2	 fight a ground war effectively. He doesn't have the army. He doesn't have the weapons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3878.8s	3878.8	 compared to the West, and he's been exhausted, you know, and I think he's spent now. The only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3884.0s	3884.0	 thing he has left is what you're talking about is the nuclear option, literally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3887.0s	3887.0	 No, no. Well, no, there's more intermediate options. First of all, he's just called for the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3891.9s	3891.9	 mobilization of 300,000 more troops. So that's step one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3896.0s	3896.0	 People are leaving the country.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3898.1s	3898.1	 Yeah, exactly. Look, there's going to be very high cost on the Russian side.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3901.2s	3901.2	 Yeah, not going well for him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3901.5s	3901.5	 There's going to be very high cost on the Russian side. I would not assume
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3904.8s	3904.8	 that means that there's something in it for us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3907.4s	3907.4	 So what I'm saying is, though, even with this, you know, the conscription he's doing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3912.2s	3912.2	 this draft, he's doing forced draft. I mean, he is kind of redundant, but this conscription or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3917.3s	3917.3	 draft, whatever you want to call it, has proven that he doesn't even actually have the standing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3921.0s	3921.0	 inside his own country. People are leaving. They're breaking, they're looking about a break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3925.5s	3925.5	 their arms. Like it's pretty dark.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3927.0s	3927.0	 I think you're making a lot of assumptions there, just like the media who are saying that he is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3930.3s	3930.3	 definitely bluffing. What I'm saying is we cannot know that he's definitely bluffing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3933.6s	3933.6	 No, I agree with that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3934.3s	3934.3	 Listen, the United States of America is blessed with being the most safe and secure country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3940.6s	3940.6	 in the world and really in human history. And the history is full of humans constantly being at war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3946.0s	3946.0	 with each other. So that is a really valuable thing that we have. Why are we so secure? We're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3950.3s	3950.3	 surrounded by gigantic oceans. We have these gigantic moats. In addition, thanks to the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3955.7s	3955.7	 wisdom of the Monroe Doctrine, for 200 years, we have prevented any great powers from getting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3960.4s	3960.4	 a foothold in the Western Hemisphere. We are completely dominant here and no one could ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3964.8s	3964.8	 stage an invasion of the United States. We only have one vulnerability, just one, ICBMs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3970.5s	3970.5	 That's really it. So what are we doing? We are basically engaging in a proxy war with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3975.6s	3975.6	 the person in the world who has the most ICBMs. And we are basically putting ourselves on an
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3981.7s	3981.7	 escalatory path with him. This would be like if Achilles had gone in front of the walls of Troy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3987.3s	3987.3	 and basically taken off his armor and stuck his foot in the air and drawn a little bullseye around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3992.4s	3992.4	 his heel. That is what we're doing. Why in the world? Why would we do that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=3998.1s	3998.1	 If they are the last real threat and they are the Achilles heel, if we can get this guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4003.6s	4003.6	 They are not the last threat. They are not the last threat. We are never going to be out of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4007.1s	4007.1	 threats. Okay. Well, we got two major ones with ICBMs. But anyway, it looks like we are in the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4012.0s	4012.0	 end game now. What do you think happens here? We are not in the end game. We are on a path towards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4015.6s	4015.6	 escalation because all the off-ramps have been removed. That is my point. And instead of saying,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4020.3s	4020.3	 instead of trying to find a diplomatic solution, first of all, we keep removing off-ramps and then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4025.3s	4025.3	 we blithely disregard the threat to ourselves by saying he must be bluffing. This is incredibly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4031.2s	4031.2	 stupid. The better question to ask is, hold on a second. The better question to ask is what's in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4036.7s	4036.7	 it for us? What's in it for the United States of America? What is the vital interest that compels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4042.0s	4042.0	 us to risk our security? There isn't one. This Donbass region, hold on, this Donbass region is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4048.2s	4048.2	 the Franz Ferdinand of this situation. It is not historically important to us. We have invested
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4054.8s	4054.8	 in it all of this importance and we are potentially turning a regional war into a world war. We are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4061.1s	4061.1	 asleep walking towards this. Unless somebody finds an off-ramp, we are escalating our way into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4066.0s	4066.0	 a much larger conflict. That is my point. And I don't see how anyone should reenter the markets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4072.4s	4072.4	 with this geopolitical risk hanging over our heads. Yeah, this is kind of like what I said a few weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4077.1s	4077.1	 ago and JP Morgan put out an analyst report today saying that they were shifting from being,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4084.3s	4084.3	 you know, call it roughly positive, sort of like Chamath's point earlier about being a little bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4088.4s	4088.4	 constructive in the markets right now and coming in and finding opportunities to buy, to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4094.3s	4094.3	 realizing that the sum of the portfolio of tail risks right now, you know, outweighs the upside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4101.7s	4101.7	 that may arise from finding these low priced opportunities in the market. And that seems to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4106.2s	4106.2	 the prevailing market sentiment right now is that there are too many of these moments that,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4113.3s	4113.3	 while each one of them is low probability, the impact is of such high severity that the
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4118.0s	4118.0	 aggregate value, expected value or expected loss of all of them is actually quite significant and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4123.9s	4123.9	 that is heavily weighing on the market. And so to Chamath's point, I think, and to the question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4128.2s	4128.2	 earlier about market conditions, one catalyst for upside in the market while there is fiscal strain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4134.0s	4134.0	 and economic strain and growth strain, there is also this geopolitical strain in the market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4138.8s	4138.8	 If one or more of these things starts to resolve, I think that weight starts to come off the markets.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4143.3s	4143.3	 And you can see, oh yeah, look, I can see the market taking off like a rocket. If Ukraine gets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4147.3s	4147.3	 resolved and I do think you're right. It's all fat tail risk that's about to get resolved.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4151.5s	4151.5	 I think that can potentially be the political motivation here, which is that enough people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4157.2s	4157.2	 like Chamath and you start making the calls to your representatives pointing out how strained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4163.2s	4163.2	 the market is because of this tension in the region right now, that maybe there is some path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4168.5s	4168.5	 to resolution that becomes more active rather than passive because of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4172.4s	4172.4	 This may be a little controversial so we can talk about it, but I think that the markets would have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4177.9s	4177.9	 reacted much, much more negatively to a nuclear incident three months ago than now and may not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4188.0s	4188.0	 even react as much as we may think it would three months from now. What do you mean by nuclear?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4194.7s	4194.7	 You mean a nuke goes off or just a threat? You're saying if Putin blows up a nuke,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4198.9s	4198.9	 the markets may not react that much? I think that the markets are basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4206.0s	4206.0	 ring-fencing Russia-Ukraine risk in terms of currency instability, but that's sort of now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4213.8s	4213.8	 gone away. We've ring-fenced the energy risk because it looks like energy reserves in Europe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4221.5s	4221.5	 are actually going to be pretty meaningful. They're going to spend whatever it takes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4225.2s	4225.2	 All of the second and third order effects, it would be a humanitarian crisis which would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4229.7s	4229.7	 horrendous, but the markets don't, whether we like it or not, react to humanitarian crises.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4236.3s	4236.3	 They react to the second and third order economic impacts of those things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4241.2s	4241.2	 If you actually try to think about what the second and third order economic impacts are,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4246.4s	4246.4	 you're seeing many of those things get solved. What it would be, it would be a highly isolating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4251.6s	4251.6	 effect. It would be a humanitarian atrocity. He would be completely cornered from a worldwide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4259.5s	4259.5	 perspective. The monetary and fiscal implications of that may not be as meaningfully disruptive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4269.2s	4269.2	 today as they would have been three months ago. That's what I'm saying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4273.1s	4273.1	 Well, one thing I should clarify, I like Freberg's analysis of the fat tail risk because I'm not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4278.0s	4278.0	 saying it's likely that this conflict goes nuclear, but I don't need there to be a high
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4282.8s	4282.8	 likelihood in order for me to be very concerned about it because of how disastrous an outcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4288.8s	4288.8	 that would be. If you're doing an expected value analysis, it's really hard to analyze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4294.3s	4294.3	 the expected value or negative value of a low probability disastrous event. That's the classic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4300.6s	4300.6	 fat tail risk. I do think that if the markets think they have priced in the effect of this war,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4307.7s	4307.7	 then I think that's an argument for a lot of downside to this market because it seems to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4313.0s	4313.0	 that we're on a one-way ratchet here. All the off-ramps for a peace or a diplomatic solution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4319.2s	4319.2	 have been systematically taken away and all that's left are potential escalations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4324.5s	4324.5	 No, I hear you, but how do those translate those escalations to outside of those two countries and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4330.1s	4330.1	 into economic terms for the rest of the world? Oh my gosh. Well, I mean, if the war spreads,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4334.2s	4334.2	 I'll give you a couple of scenarios. I mean, here's one. I think we're just assuming that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4339.3s	4339.3	 China is going to stay out of it. Imagine if you're China and you're watching what's happening and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4344.0s	4344.0	 you're worried that actually Russia could lose this war so badly that it emboldens hawks in America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4352.4s	4352.4	 who want to target China next, who are basically on this global struggle against autocracy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4358.2s	4358.2	 You're going to look at that and go, wait a second, is it really in our interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4361.6s	4361.6	 for Putin and Russia to be completely toppled by this global struggle against autocracy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4368.4s	4368.4	 It seems to me they could enter the Russian side, not militarily, but in terms of support.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4373.4s	4373.4	 So they would have an incentive again not to lose an ally. And then by the same token,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4378.8s	4378.8	 I think the Russians could lash out. I don't think they're going to go nuclear right away,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4382.7s	4382.7	 but I think they could pull a Grozny. I mean, don't you think that-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4386.8s	4386.8	 Explain what that is. Explain what that is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4388.4s	4388.4	 Well, when in the Chechen war, when Russia was losing, they just rubbled Grozny. I mean,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4393.7s	4393.7	 they basically leveled it to the ground. So Putin hasn't done anything like that yet, but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4398.2s	4398.2	 if he's facing defeat, isn't that something that would be on the escalatory ladder is to basically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4404.3s	4404.3	 start leveling Ukrainian cities, destroy key infrastructure all at once? And then what is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4409.3s	4409.3	 the response to the West? Because the West may say, you know what, that's unacceptable to us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4413.8s	4413.8	 I agree. No, no, no. Look, I'm not debating how bad all of these things are. I'm just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4418.0s	4418.0	 asking the question, what are the second and third order economic impacts? Because the market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4423.9s	4423.9	 doesn't reflect human atrocities. We may want it to, but it just doesn't do a good job of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4429.4s	4429.4	 It does do a reasonable job of reflecting a discounted set of events in the future related
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4434.8s	4434.8	 to economic events and impacts. And all I'm saying is that, you know, the most obvious impacts of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4439.7s	4439.7	 this war have been to currencies, to commodities, and to energy. And the world has had six or seven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4447.1s	4447.1	 months to reroute what they've needed to roughly solve a large percentage of those problems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4454.1s	4454.1	 It doesn't take the fact that this is a bad war and it should end. I'm not saying any of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4459.1s	4459.1	 Right, right. No, look, you make a good point, which is that, look, the market discounts cash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4463.3s	4463.3	 flows. So how do the cash flows get impacted? You may be right that valuation multiples have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4469.1s	4469.1	 gotten close to correction. But I think the thing that we don't really know is what earnings and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4474.4s	4474.4	 profits and revenues are going to look like next year. And part of that is about the hard landing,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4478.4s	4478.4	 right? Like how inflated are all these companies revenues and earnings because of what happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4484.6s	4484.6	 I hear you, but this is why that chart is so important. Every other time,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4488.6s	4488.6	 except in 1983 in modern history. So the modern history that we have all lived
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4493.7s	4493.7	 says that the stock market bottoms in the first third of a process. And so if you think that this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4501.7s	4501.7	 process ends in 24, that's a roughly 24 month process, 21 month process. We're in month seven,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4508.3s	4508.3	 we're in the power alley of what would map to the last six or seven patterns of behavior.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4515.6s	4515.6	 Yeah, I mean, I guess you may end up being right about this prediction. I guess what I'm saying is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4520.2s	4520.2	 that I personally would not want to enter the market until some of these fat tail risks are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4523.9s	4523.9	 taken off the table. Well, talking about nibbling in the market for a second. I'm not saying they're
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4527.9s	4527.9	 likely. I'm just saying that. Yeah, I understand. Obviously, none of us want this to happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4532.4s	4532.4	 I'm just asking a very specific question, which is and making an observation, which is,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4536.9s	4536.9	 I wonder how the markets would react. And I don't see it being down 1000 points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4542.3s	4542.3	 And that may be wrong. But by the way, it would certainly be shocking to see that. Yeah. The
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4547.1s	4547.1	 diversity of views that you guys all share, I think, really represents the market.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4552.9s	4552.9	 There is no view to you have you to you have a view.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4558.2s	4558.2	 Dude, I like what the fuck? Wow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4564.0s	4564.0	 No, but what is your view? Your view that we're okay, we're about to just go through the toilet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4568.1s	4568.1	 Like, what is your view? From an equity markets point of view? Or just in general? Yeah, like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4572.5s	4572.5	 equity markets, your temperature? How do you feel? Like, how do you feel? Yeah, I'm worried about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4576.5s	4576.5	 money not moving. What does it mean? Money? Not moving? I'm really anxious about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4582.7s	4582.7	 invested dollars. Everyone seems I think I mentioned a while ago that dollars were kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4588.3s	4588.3	 of locked up in March. And then I went to this conference and people were like, yeah,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4591.2s	4591.2	 we're loosening up and making a plan again in July, because the market was kind of turning back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4595.3s	4595.3	 up. And now equity markets are turning down. Bond markets have turned down. Interest rates have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4600.4s	4600.4	 spiked. And there's a bunch of these currency problems. So I'm very nervous about the flow of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4606.5s	4606.5	 capital, which I remember happening in 08. And I remember happening when we were all joking over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4612.0s	4612.0	 text, when COVID happened. And we're like, hey, the market can only go down 10% a day for so many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4616.8s	4616.8	 days in a row. And everyone was kind of like, you know, Chamath was talking about wearing jeans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4622.5s	4622.5	 instead of he's like, I could just wear the same pair of jeans for the rest of my life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4626.4s	4626.4	 That's true demand destruction. When he started cycling out the jeans from when he was at Mayfield.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4632.1s	4632.1	 Yeah, he's like, I don't need fancy clothes. I can just wear the same clothes I have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4634.8s	4634.8	 He's going to a storage locker to pull his clothes out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4642.9s	4642.9	 The CEO of Loro Piana did send me a note after that podcast. He's like, is everything okay?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4647.6s	4647.6	 Yeah, the rate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4648.7s	4648.7	 The GDK of Loro Piana's crashed. I will tell you guys the biggest indicator of economic health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4654.8s	4654.8	 is the rate of rotation of Chamath's closet. Because that is, it's big. He's like, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4659.5s	4659.5	 what? I can take this season off. I'll just wear last summer's season. That's when you'll know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4665.5s	4665.5	 I would guess that the rate of rotation of Chamath's closet is probably predictive of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4669.0s	4669.0	 IPO market. No, I'm, you know what? I was, I was there last week. I'm rotating it. I'm rotating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4674.0s	4674.0	 in. So maybe that's a good sign. The economy's about to rebound. I'm ready to take some companies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4677.7s	4677.7	 public. No, no, no, I'm buying, I'm buying stocks because I was at Chamath last week and it was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4681.8s	4681.8	 supposed to be black truffles. And then he jumped the fence. All of a sudden white truffles over my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4685.2s	4685.2	 shoulder. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I was like, chef, chef, chef, austerity measures.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4691.5s	4691.5	 Chef, chef, chef. All right, listen for the dictator, the prince of panic attacks,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4697.1s	4697.1	 the Sultan of science, the queen of keen wah, him. So see the Kevin Hart show. If you're in San
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4701.7s	4701.7	 Francisco or San Jose, he's hilarious. And for Montclair ambassador, David Sachs, the dictator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4710.0s	4710.0	 himself, I am the world's greatest moderator and we'll see you on episode 99. Love you guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU6QlvruLTw&list=UUESLZhusAkFfsNsApnjF_Cg&index=24&t=4731.7s	4731.7	 Queen of keen wah.
